Q1)
Which of the following are benefits of migrating to the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A. Operational resilience
B. Discounts for products on Amazon.com
C. Business agility
D. Business excellence
E. Increased staff retention

-- 1 of 400 --

Q2)
A company is planning to replace its physical on-premises compute servers with AWS
serverless compute services. The company wants to be able to take advantage of
advanced technologies quickly after the migration. Which pillar of the AWS Well-
Architected Framework does this plan represent?
A. Security
B. Performance efficiency
C. Operational excellence
D. Reliability

-- 2 of 400 --

Q3)
A company is planning to run a global marketing application in the AWS Cloud. The
application will feature videos that can be viewed by users. The company must ensure
that all users can view these videos with low latency. Which AWS service should the
company use to meet this requirement?
A. AWS Auto Scaling
B. Amazon Kinesis Video Streams
C. Elastic Load Balancing
D. Amazon CloudFront

-- 3 of 400 --

Q4)
Which component of the AWS global infrastructure is made up of one or more
discrete redundant power, networking, and connectivity?
A. AWS Region
B. Availability Zone
C. Edge location
D. AWS Outposts

-- 4 of 400 --

Q5)
Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework refers to the ability of a system
to recover from infrastructure or service disruptions and dynamically acquire
computing resources to meet demand?
A. Security
B. Reliability
C. Performance efficiency
D. Cost optimization

-- 5 of 400 --

Q6)
Who is responsible for configuration management under the AWS shared
responsibility model?
A. It is solely the responsibility of the customer.
B. It is solely the responsibility of AWS.
C. It is shared between AWS and the customer.
D. It is not part of the AWS shared responsibility model.

-- 6 of 400 --

Q7)
Which duties are the responsibility of a company that is using AWS Lambda? (Choose
two.)
A. Security inside of code
B. Selection of CPU resources
C. Patching of operating system
D. Writing and updating of code
E. Security of underlying infrastructure

-- 7 of 400 --

Q8)
Which compute hosting model should be accounted for in the Total Cost of Ownership
(TCO) when undertaking a cost analysis that allows physical isolation of a customer
workload?
A. Dedicated Hosts
B. Reserved Instances
C. On-Demand Instances
D. No Upfront Reserved Instances

-- 8 of 400 --

Q9)
Who is accountable for security and compliance under the AWS shared responsibility
model?
A. The customer is responsible.
B. AWS is responsible.
C. AWS and the customer share responsibility.
D. AWS shares responsibility with the relevant governing body.

-- 9 of 400 --

Q10)
Which of the following is a critical design concept for architecting cloud applications?
A. Use the largest instance possible
B. Provision capacity for peak load
C. Use the Scrum development process
D. Implement elasticity

-- 10 of 400 --

Q11)
Which AWS services or features provide disaster recovery solutions for Amazon EC2
instances? (Choose two.)
A. Reserved Instances
B. EC2 Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots
D. AWS Shield
E. Amazon GuardDuty

-- 11 of 400 --

Q12)
A company wants to review its monthly costs of using Amazon EC2 and Amazon RDS
for the past year. Which AWS service or tool provides this information?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. Cost Explorer
C. Amazon Forecast
D. Amazon CloudWatch

-- 12 of 400 --

Q13)
Who is the main point of contact for billing or account questions if a user has an AWS
account with an Enterprise-level AWS Support plan?
A. Solutions architect
B. AWS Concierge Support team
C. An AWS Marketplace seller
D. AWS Partner Network (APN) partner

-- 13 of 400 --

Q14)
What is one technique to provide unified billing if each department within a firm has
its own AWS account?
A. Use AWS Budgets on each account to pay only to budget.
B. Contact AWS Support for a monthly bill.
C. Create an AWS Organization from the payer account and invite the other accounts
to join.
D. Put all invoices into one Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket, load
data into Amazon Redshift, and then run a billing report.

-- 14 of 400 --

Q15)
Which cloud architecture design concept is supported by distributing workloads across
various Availability Zones?
A. Implement automation.
B. Design for agility.
C. Design for failure.
D. Implement elasticity.

-- 15 of 400 --

Q16)
Which security-related duty is AWS accountable for under the AWS shared
responsibility model?
A. Lifecycle management of IAM credentials
B. Physical security of global infrastructure
C. Encryption of Amazon EBS volumes
D. Firewall configuration

-- 16 of 400 --

Q17)
A company wants to migrate a critical application to AWS. The application has a short
runtime. The application is invoked by changes in data or by shifts in system state. The
company needs a compute solution that maximizes operational efficiency and
minimizes the cost of running the application. Which AWS solution should the
company use to meet these requirements?
A. Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances
B. AWS Lambda
C. Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances
D. Amazon EC2 Spot Instances

-- 17 of 400 --

Q18)
Which AWS service or feature allows users to connect with and deploy AWS services
programmatically?
A. AWS Management Console
B. AWS Cloud9
C. AWS CodePipeline
D. AWS software development kits (SDKs)

-- 18 of 400 --

Q19)
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, who is responsible for managing
IAM user access and secret keys?
A. IAM access and secret keys are static, so there is no need to rotate them.
B. The customer is responsible for rotating keys.
C. AWS will rotate the keys whenever required.
D. The AWS Support team will rotate keys when requested by the customer.

-- 19 of 400 --

Q20)
To install a PCI-compliant workload on AWS, which of the following tasks is required?
A. Use any AWS service and implement PCI controls at the application layer
B. Use an AWS service that is in-scope for PCI compliance and raise an AWS support
ticket to enable PCI compliance at the application layer
C. Use any AWS service and raise an AWS support ticket to enable PCI compliance on
that service
D. Use an AWS service that is in scope for PCI compliance and apply PCI controls at the
application layer

-- 20 of 400 --

Q21)
Which of the following is a suggestion made by an AWS Trusted Advisor? (Select two.)
A. Cost optimization
B. Auditing
C. Serverless architecture
D. Performance
E. Scalability

-- 21 of 400 --

Q22)
A company plans to create a data lake that uses Amazon S3. Which factor will have the
MOST effect on cost?
A. The selection of S3 storage tiers
B. Charges to transfer existing data into Amazon S3
C. The addition of S3 bucket policies
D. S3 ingest fees for each request

-- 22 of 400 --

Q23)
A company is launching an ecommerce application that must always be available. The
application will run on Amazon EC2 instances continuously for the next 12 months.
What is the MOST cost-effective instance purchasing option that meets these
requirements?
A. Spot Instances
B. Savings Plans
C. Dedicated Hosts
D. On-Demand Instances

-- 23 of 400 --

Q24)
Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework is supported by the design
philosophy of performing operations as code?
A. Performance efficiency
B. Operational excellence
C. Reliability
D. Security

-- 24 of 400 --

Q25)
What is the customer's responsibility while using Amazon RDS?
A. Patching and maintenance of the underlying operating system.
B. Managing automatic backups of the database.
C. Controlling network access through security groups.
D. Replacing failed instances in the event of a hardware failure.

-- 25 of 400 --

Q26)
What is the customer's obligation while using an AWS managed service under the
AWS shared responsibility model?
A. Physical security of the data centers
B. Server-side encryption
C. Customer data
D. Operating system patching

-- 26 of 400 --

Q27)
Which AWS service or feature can a company use to determine which business unit is
using specific AWS resources?
A. Cost allocation tags
B. Key pairs
C. Amazon Inspector
D. AWS Trusted Advisor

-- 27 of 400 --

Q28)
Which AWS service or tool should a company use to centrally request and track service
limit increases?
A. AWS Config
B. Service Quotas
C. AWS Service Catalog
D. AWS Budgets

-- 28 of 400 --

Q29)
Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework is designed on the idea of
frequent, minor, reversible changes?
A. Reliability
B. Operational excellence
C. Performance efficiency
D. Cost optimization

-- 29 of 400 --

Q30)
Which AWS service can identify the person who made the API request when an
Amazon EC2 instance is terminated?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. AWS X-Ray
D. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)

-- 30 of 400 --

Q.31)
All AWS users have access to which AWS Trusted Advisor check?
A. Core checks
B. All checks
C. Cost optimization checks
D. Fault tolerance checks

-- 31 of 400 --

Q.32)
Which of the following is an example of security in the AWS Cloud under the AWS
shared responsibility model?
A. Managing edge locations
B. Physical security
C. Firewall configuration
D. Global infrastructure

-- 32 of 400 --

Q.33)
Which documentation does AWS Artifact provide?
A. Compliance-related documents
B. Aws centrationd conditions
C. A history of a company's AWS spending
D. A list of previous-generation Amazon EC2 instance types

-- 33 of 400 --

Q.34)
Which task requires using AWS account root user credentials?
A. Viewing billing information
B. Changing the AWS Support plan
C. Starting and stopping Amazon EC2 instances
D. Opening an AWS Support case

-- 34 of 400 --

Q.35)
Permissions for which of the following are managed by service control policies (SCPs)?
A. Availability Zones
B. AWS Regions
C. AWS Organizations
D. Edge locations

-- 35 of 400 --

Q.36)
Which of the following AWS services should a client utilize to audit the change
management of AWS resources?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. Amazon Inspector

-- 36 of 400 --

Q.37)
What is raised when a business deploys web servers across several AWS Regions?
A. Coupling
B. Availability
C. Security
D. Durability

-- 37 of 400 --

Q.38)
Which of the following is a shared control between a client and AWS under the shared
responsibility model?
A. Physical controls
B. Patch management
C. Zone security
D. Data center auditing

-- 38 of 400 --

Q.39)
What is the scope of a VPC within the AWS network?
A. A VPC can span all Availability Zones globally.
B. A VPC must span at least two subnets in each AWS Region.
C. A VPC must span at least two edge locations in each AWS Region.
D. A VPC can span all Availability Zones within an AWS Region.

-- 39 of 400 --

Q.40)
Which of the following are components of an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection?
(Choose two.)
A. AWS Storage Gateway
B. Virtual private gateway
C. NAT gateway
D. Customer gateway
E. Internet gateway

-- 40 of 400 --

Q.41)
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which job is shared between AWS
and the customer?
A. Physical and environmental controls
B. Server hardware management and encryption
C. Application security
D. Patch management and configuration management

-- 41 of 400 --

Q.42)
How should an application be created to function on the AWS Cloud in accordance
with best practices?
A. Use tightly coupled components.
B. Use loosely coupled components.
C. Use infrequently coupled components.
D. Use frequently coupled components.

-- 42 of 400 --

Q.43)
Which cloud architectural concept is supported by a system that can scale in terms of
users, traffic, or data quantity without sacrificing performance?
A. Think parallel
B. Implement elasticity
C. Decouple your components
D. Design for failure

-- 43 of 400 --

Q.44)
The following describes an application that spans various Availability Zones:
A. being highly available
B. having global reach
C. using an economy of scale
D. having elasticity

-- 44 of 400 --

Q.45)
A company needs to establish a connection between two VPCs. The VPCs are located
in two different AWS Regions. The company wants to use the existing infrastructure of
the VPCs for this connection.
Which AWS service or feature can be used to establish this connection?
A. AWS Client VPN
B. VPC peering
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. VPC endpoints

-- 45 of 400 --

Q.46)
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, what responsibility does a
customer have when using Amazon RDS to host a database?
A. Manage connections to the database
B. Install Microsoft SQL Server
C. Design encryption-at-rest strategies
D. Apply minor database patches

-- 46 of 400 --

Q.47)
Which duty is the customer's responsibility while administering AWS Lambda
functions under the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. Creating versions of Lambda functions
B. Maintaining server and operating systems
C. Scaling Lambda resources according to demand
D. Updating the Lambda runtime environment

-- 47 of 400 --

Q.48)
Which of the following is not a duty of the client under the AWS shared responsibility
model? (Select two.)
A. Decommissioning of physical storage devices
B. Security group and ACL configuration
C. Patch management of an Amazon RDS instance operating system
D. Controlling physical access to data centers
E. Patch management of an Amazon EC2 instance operating system

-- 48 of 400 --

Q.49)
Which service or functionality does AWS Enterprise Support provide that other AWS
Support subscriptions do not?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Support case
C. Concierge team
D. Amazon Connect

-- 49 of 400 --

Q.50)
What attributes of an AWS account can AWS Trusted Advisor monitor and advise on?
(Select two.)
A. Compliance with security best practices
B. Application performance
C. Network utilization
D. Cost optimization
E. Compliance status

-- 50 of 400 --

Q.51)
Which feature enables Amazon EC2 instances to be more elastic in response to
changing workload demand?
A. Resource groups
B. Lifecycle policies
C. Application Load Balancer
D. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling

-- 51 of 400 --

Q.52)
Which AWS service or feature acts as a firewall for Amazon EC2 instances?
A. Network ACL
B. Elastic network interface
C. Amazon VPC
D. Security group

-- 52 of 400 --

Q.53)
Which feature enables Amazon EC2 instances to be more elastic in response to
changing workload demand?
A. Virtualization Management
B. Hardware management
C. Encryption management
D. Facilities management
E. Firewall management

-- 53 of 400 --

Q.54)
What is the unique advantage that Enterprise Support customers receive?
A. Access to a Technical Project Manager
B. Access to a Technical Account Manager
C. Access to a Cloud Support Engineer
D. Access to a Solutions Architect

-- 54 of 400 --

Q.55)
What are the advantages of AWS Cloud elasticity?
A. Ensure web traffic is automatically spread across multiple AWS Regions.
B. Minimize storage costs by automatically archiving log data.
C. Enable AWS to automatically select the most cost-effective services.
D. Automatically adjust the required compute capacity to maintain consistent
performance.

-- 55 of 400 --

Q.56)
Which cost components should be addressed when developing a cloud Total Cost of
Ownership (TCO) model for AWS workloads? (Select three.)
A. Compute costs
B. Facilities costs
C. Storage costs
D. Data transfer costs
E. Network infrastructure costs
F. Hardware lifecycle costs

-- 56 of 400 --

Q.57)
Which of the following are capabilities of the AWS Cost Management tools? (Select
two.)
A. Terminate all AWS resources automatically if budget thresholds are exceeded.
B. Break down AWS costs by day, service, and linked AWS account.
C. Create budgets and receive notifications if current or forecasted usage exceeds the
budgets.
D. Switch automatically to Reserved Instances or Spot Instances, whichever is most
cost-effective.
E. Move data stored in Amazon S3 to a more cost-effective storage class.

-- 57 of 400 --

Q.58)
How should an Amazon EC2 instance be granted access to an Amazon S3 bucket in
accordance with security best practices?
A. Hard code an IAM user's secret key and access key directly in the application, and
upload the file
B. Store the IAM user's secret key and access key in a text file on the EC2 instance,
read the keys, then upload the file.
C. Have the EC2 instance assume a role to obtain the privileges to upload the file.
D. Modify the S3 bucket policy so that any service can upload to it at any time.

-- 58 of 400 --

Q.59)
A company has a single Amazon EC2 instance. The company wants to adopt a highly
available architecture. What can the company do to meet this requirement?
A. Scale vertically to a larger EC2 instance size.
B. Scale horizontally across multiple Availability Zones.
C. Purchase an EC2 Dedicated Instance.
D. Change the EC2 instance family to a compute optimized instance.

-- 59 of 400 --

Q.60)
A company's on-premises application deployment cycle was 3–4 weeks. After
migrating to the AWS Cloud, the company can deploy the application in 2–3 days.
Which benefit has this company experienced by moving to the AWS Cloud?
A. Elasticity
B. Flexibility
C. Agility
D. Resilience

-- 60 of 400 --

Q61)
Which of the following price options would result in the highest reduction after
making an Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host reservation?
A. No upfront payment
B. Hourly on-demand payment
C. Partial upfront payment
D. All upfront payment

-- 61 of 400 --

Q62)
Which AWS services and/or features increase availability and mitigate the effect of
failures while
constructing a typical three-tier web application? (Select two.)
A. AWS Auto Scaling for Amazon EC2 instances
B. Amazon VPC subnet ACLs to check the health of a service
C. Distributed resources across multiple Availability Zones
D. AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS) to move Amazon EC2 instances into a
different Region
E. Distributed resources across multiple AWS points of presence

-- 62 of 400 --

Q63)
Which of the following IT responsibilities may AWS relieve a company's IT team of?
(Select two.)
A. Patching database software
B. Storage capacity planning
C. Creating database schemas
D. Setting up access controls for data
E. Writing application code

-- 63 of 400 --

Q64)
Which of the following is included in the AWS Trusted Advisor checks? (Select two.)
A. Information on Amazon S3 bucket permissions
B. AWS service outages
C. Multi-factor authentication enabled on the AWS account root user
D. Available software patches
E. Number of users in the account

-- 64 of 400 --

Q65)
What is AWS accountable for under the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. Configuring Amazon VPC
B. Managing application code
C. Maintaining application traffic
D. Managing the network infrastructure

-- 65 of 400 --

Q66)
Which of the following tasks may be used to improve Amazon EC2 costs? (Select two.)
A. Implementing Auto Scaling groups to add and remove instances based on demand.
B. Creating a policy to restrict IAM users from creating new instances.
C. Setting a budget to limit spending on EC2 instances using AWS Budgets.
D. Purchasing Reserved Instances.
E. Adding EC2 instances to a second AWS Region that is geographically close to the end
users.

-- 66 of 400 --

Q67)
Which of the following are included in AWS Enterprise Support? (Choose two.)
A. AWS technical account manager (TAM)
B. AWS partner-led support
C. AWS Professional Services
D. Support of third-party software integration to AWS
E. 5-minute response time for critical issues

-- 67 of 400 --

Q68)
A company wants to limit its employees' AWS access to a portfolio of predefined AWS
resources.
Which AWS solution should the company use to meet this requirement?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS software development kits (SDKs)
C. AWS Service Catalog
D. AWS AppSync

-- 68 of 400 --

Q69)
Which of the following is a customer duty under the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. Installing security patches for the Xen and KVM hypervisors
B. Installing operating system patches for Amazon DynamoDB
C. Installing operating system security patches for Amazon EC2 database instances
D. Installing operating system security patches for Amazon RDS database instances

-- 69 of 400 --

Q70)
A firm wishes to develop a new line of business application.
Which design concepts should be applied in accordance with the AWS Well-
Architected Framework? (Select two.)
A. Consolidate multiple AWS accounts into a single account.
B. Buy and host hardware in the AWS Cloud.
C. Decouple the AWS Cloud architecture to break up monolithic deployments.
D. Move on-premises network hardware to VPCs.
E. Design elasticity into the AWS Cloud design.

-- 70 of 400 --

Q71)
Which scenarios should a user report to the AWS Abuse team? (Select two.)
A. A DDoS attack is being made on an AWS resource.
B. A SQL injection attack is being made from an IP address that is not an AWS address.
C. AWS resources are being used to host objectionable or illegal content.
D. A company's resources are being used in a way that is inconsistent with corporate
policy.
E. A company is receiving HTTPS requests on a web server that is serving HTTP.

-- 71 of 400 --

Q72)
Which of the following is the customer's obligation under the AWS shared
responsibility model?
A. Patching guest OS and applications
B. Patching and fixing flaws in the infrastructure
C. Physical and environmental controls
D. Configuration of AWS infrastructure devices

-- 72 of 400 --

Q73)
An online company was running a workload on premises and was struggling to launch
new products and features. After migrating the workload to AWS, the company can
quickly launch products and features and can scale its infrastructure as required.
Which AWS Cloud value proposition does this scenario describe?
A. Business agility
B. High availability
C. Security
D. Centralized auditing

-- 73 of 400 --

Q74)
Which of the following are advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A. AWS management of user-owned infrastructure
B. Ability to quickly change required capacity
C. High economies of scale
D. Increased deployment time to market
E. Increased fixed expenses

-- 74 of 400 --

Q75)
AWS has the ability to achieve lower pay-as-you-go pricing by aggregating usage
across hundreds of thousands of users. This describes which advantage of the AWS
Cloud?
A. Launch globally in minutes
B. Increase speed and agility
C. High economies of scale
D. No guessing about compute capacity

-- 75 of 400 --

Q76)
Which AWS serverless platform services are included?
A. Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon Athena
B. Amazon Kinesis, Amazon SOS, Amazon EMR
C. AWS Step Functions, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon SNS
D. Amazon Athena, Amazon Cognito, Amazon EC2

-- 76 of 400 --

Q77)
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is the
customer’s obligation?
A. Patching underlying infrastructure
B. Physical security
C. Patching Amazon EC2 instances
D. Patching network infrastructure

-- 77 of 400 --

Q78)
Which of the following is the customer’s obligation under the shared responsibility
model?
A. Ensuring that disk drives are wiped after use
B. Ensuring that firmware is updated on hardware devices
C. Ensuring that data is encrypted at rest
D. Ensuring that network cables are category six or higher

-- 78 of 400 --

Q79)
What is the AWS Cloud’s value proposition?
A. AWS is responsible for security in the AWS Cloud
B. No long-term contract is required
C. Provision new servers in days
D. AWS manages user applications in the AWS Cloud

-- 79 of 400 --

Q80)
A company has a database server that is always running. The company hosts the
server on Amazon EC2 instances. The instance sizes are suitable for the workload. The
workload will run for 1 year. Which EC2 instance purchasing option will meet these
requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Standard Reserved Instances
B. On-Demand Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Convertible Reserved Instances

-- 80 of 400 --

Q81)
Which tasks are the responsibility of AWS, according to the AWS shared responsibility
model? (Choose two.)
A. Patch the Amazon EC2 guest operating system
B. Upgrade the firmware of the network infrastructure
C. Apply password rotation for IAM users
D. Maintain the physical security of edge locations
E. Maintain least privilege access to the root user account

-- 81 of 400 --

Q82)
Which of the following are features of network ACLs as they are used in the AWS
Cloud? (Choose two.)
A. They are stateless
B. They are stateful
C. They evaluate all rules before allowing traffic
D. They process rules in order, starting with the lowest numbered rule, when deciding
whether to allow traffic
E. They operate at the instance level

-- 82 of 400 --

Q83)
A company has designed its AWS Cloud infrastructure to run its workloads effectively.
The company also has protocols in place to continuously improve supporting
processes. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this scenario
represent?
A. Security
B. Performance efficiency
C. Cost optimization
D. Operational excellence

-- 83 of 400 --

Q84)
Which of the following describes elasticity in the AWS Cloud? (Select two.)
A. How quickly an Amazon EC2 instance can be restarted
B. The ability to right-size resources as demand shifts
C. The maximum amount of RAM an Amazon EC2 instance can use
D. The pay-as-you-go billing model
E. How easily resources can be produced when they are needed

-- 84 of 400 --

Q85)
After studying the AWS Cost and Usage report in the AWS Management Console, a
Cloud Practitioner detects a billing problem. Which course of action should be done to
rectify this?
A. Open a detailed case related to billing and submit it to AWS Support for help
B. Upload data describing the issue to a new object in a private Amazon S3 bucket
C. Create a pricing application and deploy it to a right-sized Amazon EC2 instance for
more information
D. Proceed with creating a new dashboard in Amazon QuickSight

-- 85 of 400 --

Q86)
Which action, in terms of AWS Cloud architecture, is compatible with the concept of
least privilege?
A. Allow users the minimum access that is needed to do a task
B. Prevent managers from accessing important source code
C. Provide only the permissions that are needed for users to do their jobs in the
current month
D. Assign permissions that are based on job titles

-- 86 of 400 --

Q87)
Which of the following are customer duties under the AWS shared responsibility
model? (Select two.)
A. Setting up server-side encryption on an Amazon S3 bucket
B. Amazon RDS instance patching
C. Network and firewall configurations
D. Physical security of data center facilities
E. Compute capacity availability

-- 87 of 400 --

Q88)
A company needs to graphically visualize AWS billing and usage over time. The
company also needs information about its AWS monthly costs. Which AWS Billing and
Cost Management tool provides this data in a graphical format?
A. AWS Bills
B. Cost Explorer
C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
D. AWS Budgets

-- 88 of 400 --

Q89)
A company wants to run production workloads on AWS. The company needs concierge
service, a designated AWS technical account manager (TAM), and technical support
that is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Which AWS Support plan will meet
these requirements?
A. AWS Basic Support
B. AWS Enterprise Support
C. AWS Business Support
D. AWS Developer Support

-- 89 of 400 --

Q90)
Which of the following tasks is the AWS customer’s duty under the shared
responsibility model? (Select two.)
A. Ensuring that application data is encrypted at rest
B. Ensuring that AWS NTP servers are set to the correct time
C. Ensuring that users have received security training in the use of AWS services
D. Ensuring that access to data centers is restricted
E. Ensuring that hardware is disposed of properly

-- 90 of 400 --

Q91)
Before transferring an environment to the AWS Cloud, a cloud practitioner must
receive AWS compliance reports. How are these reports produced?
A. Contact the AWS Compliance team
B. Download the reports from AWS Artifact
C. Open a case with AWS Support
D. Generate the reports with Amazon Macie

-- 91 of 400 --

Q92)
Which change management actions, according to the AWS Well-Architected
Framework, should be followed to ensure AWS Cloud reliability? (Select two.)
A. Use AWS Config to generate an inventory of AWS resources
B. Use service limits to prevent users from creating or making changes to AWS
resources
C. Use AWS CloudTrail to record AWS API calls into an auditable log file
D. Use AWS Certificate Manager to whitelist approved AWS resources and services
E. Use Amazon GuardDuty to validate configuration changes made to AWS resources

-- 92 of 400 --

Q93)
What may be associated to an Amazon EC2 instance through AWS Identity and Access
Management (IAM) to initiate service requests?
A. Group
B. Role
C. Policy
D. Access key

-- 93 of 400 --

Q94)
Which of the following actions is the customer’s responsibility under the AWS shared
responsibility model? (Select two.)
A. Patching operating system components for Amazon Relational Database Server
(Amazon RDS)
B. Encrypting data on the client-side
C. Training the data center staff
D. Configuring Network Access Control Lists (ACL)
E. Maintaining environmental controls within a data center

-- 94 of 400 --

Q95)
Which architecture design principle describes the need to isolate failures between
dependent components in the AWS Cloud?
A. Use a monolithic design
B. Design for automation
C. Design for single points of failure
D. Loosely couple components

-- 95 of 400 --

Q96)
Which AWS services are managed database services? (Choose two.)
A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon RDS
D. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
E. Amazon DynamoDB

-- 96 of 400 --

Q97)
Which AWS services or functionalities enable failover across several AWS Regions to
ensure high availability and low latency? (Select two.)
A. Amazon Route 53
B. Network Load Balancer
C. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
D. AWS Global Accelerator
E. Application Load Balancer

-- 97 of 400 --

Q98)
Which of the following is a duty of AWS under the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. Enabling server-side encryption for objects stored in S3
B. Applying AWS IAM security policies
C. Patching the operating system on an Amazon EC2 instance
D. Applying updates to the hypervisor

-- 98 of 400 --

Q99)
A copy of the AWS SOC 2 report is required during a compliance review by one of the
auditors. Which service should this request be sent through?
A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Artifact
D. Amazon S3

-- 99 of 400 --

Q100)
For 3 hours, 5 minutes, and 6 seconds, a client operates an Amazon Linux EC2 instance
on-demand. How long will the consumer be charged?
A. 3 hours, 5 minutes
B. 3 hours, 5 minutes, and 6 seconds
C. 3 hours, 6 minutes
D. 4 hours

-- 100 of 400 --

Q101)
A company is using the AWS Free Tier for several AWS services for an application.
What will happen if the Free Tier usage period expires or if the application use
exceeds the Free Tier usage limits?
A. The company will be charged the standard pay-as-you-go service rates for the usage
that exceeds the Free Tier usage.
B. AWS Support will contact the company to set up standard service charges.
C. The company will be charged for the services it consumed during the Free Tier
period, plus additional charges for service consumption after the Free Tier period.
D. The company’s AWS account will be frozen and can be restarted after a payment
plan is established.

-- 101 of 400 --

Q102)
Which AWS service uses machine learning to help discover, monitor, and protect
sensitive data that is stored in Amazon S3 buckets?
A. AWS Shield
B. Amazon Macie
C. AWS Network Firewall
D. Amazon Cognito

-- 102 of 400 --

Q103)
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is exclusively
the responsibility of AWS?
A. Patching of the guest operating system
B. Security awareness and training
C. Physical and environmental controls
D. Development of an IAM password policy

-- 103 of 400 --

Q104)
What can users do using AWS Marketplace? (Select two.)
A. Sell unused Amazon EC2 Spot Instances.
B. Sell solutions to other AWS users.
C. Buy third-party software that runs on AWS.
D. Purchase AWS security and compliance documents.
E. Order AWS Snowball.

-- 104 of 400 --

Q105)
What are the possible uses for AWS edge locations? (Select two.)
A. Hosting applications
B. Delivering content closer to users
C. Running NoSQL database caching services
D. Reducing traffic on the server by caching responses
E. Sending notification messages to end users

-- 105 of 400 --

Q106)
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) and Amazon DynamoDB are used by a
firm to execute its mission-critical web application. Multiple times during the day, the
workload jumps to up to ten times the regular level. Which AWS Cloud feature helps
the business to adapt to these demand changes?
A. Agility
B. Global reach
C. Scalability
D. Security

-- 106 of 400 --

Q107)
A company wants to improve the overall availability and performance of its
applications that are hosted on AWS. Which AWS service should the company use?
A. Amazon Connect
B. Amazon Lightsail
C. AWS Global Accelerator
D. AWS Storage Gateway

-- 107 of 400 --

Q108)
Which of the following tasks is the customer’s duty under the shared responsibility
model? (Select two.)
A. Maintaining the underlying Amazon EC2 hardware.
B. Managing the VPC network access control lists.
C. Encrypting data in transit and at rest.
D. Replacing failed hard disk drives.
E. Deploying hardware in different Availability Zones.

-- 108 of 400 --

Q109)
Which of the following are AWS obligations, according to the AWS shared
responsibility model? (Select two.)
A. Network infrastructure and virtualization of infrastructure
B. Security of application data
C. Guest operating systems
D. Physical security of hardware
E. Credentials and policies

-- 109 of 400 --

Q110)
What charges are included in the comparison of AWS vs on-premises Total Cost of
Ownership (TCO)?
A. Data center security
B. Business analysis
C. Project management
D. Operating system administration

-- 110 of 400 --

Q111)
Which AWS service or feature identifies whether an Amazon S3 bucket or an IAM role
has been shared with an external entity?
A. AWS Service Catalog
B. AWS Systems Manager
C. AWS IAM Access Analyzer
D. AWS Organizations

-- 111 of 400 --

Q112)
Which AWS service supports MySQL and PostgreSQL as relational databases?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Aurora
D. Amazon Neptune

-- 112 of 400 --

Q113)
Which AWS service is natively supported by AWS Snowball Edge?
A. AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS)
B. Amazon Aurora
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon EC2

-- 113 of 400 --

Q114)
Which AWS shared responsibility controls are shared? (Select two.)
A. Awareness and training
B. Patching of Amazon RDS
C. Configuration management
D. Physical and environmental controls
E. Service and communications protection or security

-- 114 of 400 --

Q115)
A company does not want to rely on elaborate forecasting to determine its usage of
compute resources. Instead, the company wants to pay only for the resources that it
uses. The company also needs the ability to increase or decrease its resource usage to
meet business requirements. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework
aligns with these requirements?
A. Operational excellence
B. Security
C. Reliability
D. Cost optimization

-- 115 of 400 --

Q116)
After a single Availability Zone service disruption, a corporation must guarantee that
the endpoint for a database instance stays the same. The program must continue
database operations without human intervention from an administrator. How are
these stipulations to be met?
A. Use multiple Amazon Route 53 routes to the standby database instance endpoint
hosted on AWS Storage Gateway.
B. Configure Amazon RDS Multi-Availability Zone deployments with automatic failover
to the standby.
C. Add multiple Application Load Balancers and deploy the database instance with
AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
D. Deploy a single Network Load Balancer to distribute incoming traffic across multiple
Amazon CloudFront origins.

-- 116 of 400 --

Q117)
Which costs must be addressed when comparing AWS Cloud vs on-premises Total Cost
of Ownership? (Select two.)
A. Software development
B. Project management
C. Storage hardware
D. Physical servers
E. Antivirus software license

-- 117 of 400 --

Q118)
A company is migrating to the AWS Cloud. The company requires consultative review
and guidance for its applications during the migration. After the migration is complete,
the company requires a response within 30 minutes if business-critical systems go
down. Which AWS Support plans meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. AWS Enterprise Support
B. AWS Enterprise On-Ramp Support
C. AWS Developer Support
D. AWS Basic Support
E. AWS Business Support

-- 118 of 400 --

Q119)
Which AWS products anticipate future AWS expenses automatically?
A. AWS Support Center
B. AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
C. AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
D. Cost Explorer

-- 119 of 400 --

Q120)
Which functionality may be utilized to prevent inadvertent overwrites or deletions of
Amazon S3 buckets?
A. Lifecycle policy
B. Object versioning
C. Server-side encryption
D. Bucket ACL

-- 120 of 400 --

Q121)
Amazon DynamoDB is used by a business in its AWS Cloud architecture. Which of the
following is a duty of the organization, according to the AWS shared responsibility
model? (Select two.)
A. Operating system patching and upgrades
B. Application of appropriate permissions with IAM tools
C. Configuration of data encryption options
D. Creation of DynamoDB endpoints
E. Infrastructure provisioning and maintenance

-- 121 of 400 --

Q122)
A company wants to launch its workload on AWS and requires the system to
automatically recover from failure. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected
Framework includes this requirement?
A. Cost optimization
B. Operational excellence
C. Performance efficiency
D. Reliability

-- 122 of 400 --

Q123)
Which AWS service should a company use to create a NoSQL database?
A. Amazon Aurora
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon Neptune

-- 123 of 400 --

Q124)
Which AWS service or functionality is utilized by distributed applications to send text
and email messages?
A. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
B. Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)
C. Amazon CloudWatch alerts
D. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)

-- 124 of 400 --

Q125)
To achieve high availability, how many Availability Zones should computing resources
be provided across?
A. A minimum of one
B. A minimum of two
C. A minimum of three
D. A minimum of four or more

-- 125 of 400 --

Q126)
Which of the following is AWS's obligation under the AWS shared responsibility
model?
A. Data encryption in transit
B. Firmware updates on hardware
C. Operating system patching on Amazon EC2 instances
D. Data encryption at rest

-- 126 of 400 --

Q127)
To boost availability, a user intends to create two more Amazon EC2 instances. What
should the user do?
A. Launch the instances across multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region.
B. Launch the instances as EC2 Reserved Instances in the same AWS Region and the
same Availability Zone.
C. Launch the instances in multiple AWS Regions, but in the same Availability Zone.
D. Launch the instances as EC2 Spot Instances in the same AWS Region, but in
different Availability Zones.

-- 127 of 400 --

Q128)
What are the customer's duties under the AWS shared responsibility model? (Select
two.)
A. Physical and environmental security
B. Physical network devices including firewalls
C. Storage device decommissioning
D. Security of data in transit
E. Data integrity authentication

-- 128 of 400 --

Q129)
A large enterprise with multiple VPCs in several AWS Regions around the world needs
to connect and centrally manage network connectivity between its VPCs. Which AWS
service or feature meets these requirements?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. AWS Transit Gateway
C. AWS Site-to-Site VPN
D. VPC endpoints

-- 129 of 400 --

Q130)
Which AWS service should be used to monitor Amazon EC2 instances for CPU and
network utilization?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. AWS Config

-- 130 of 400 --

Q131)
How can customers minimize the amount of time they spend patching their operating
systems by migrating to the AWS Cloud? (Select two.)
A. Users can take advantage of managed services on AWS.
B. Users can outsource operating system patching to the AWS Support team.
C. AWS Professional Services will upgrade instances to the latest operating system
versions.
D. Users have the ability to use license-included Amazon EC2 instances.
E. Users can take advantage of AWS Systems Manager features.

-- 131 of 400 --

Q132)
In the case of an environmental disruption, a company needs to make sure its
infrastructure is structured for fault tolerance and business continuity.
Which parts of the AWS architecture should the organization replicate?
A. Edge locations
B. Availability Zones
C. Regions
D. Amazon Route 53

-- 132 of 400 --

Q133)
According to which AWS cloud design guideline, systems should minimize their
interdependence?
A. Scalability
B. Services, not servers
C. Removing single points of failure
D. Loose coupling

-- 133 of 400 --

Q134)
Which tasks need the root user credentials for an AWS account? (Select two.)
A. Creating an Amazon EC2 key pair
B. Removing an IAM user from the administrators group
C. Changing the AWS Support plan
D. Creating an Amazon CloudFront key pair
E. Granting an IAM user full administrative access

-- 134 of 400 --

Q135)
A user wants to deploy a service to the AWS Cloud by using infrastructure-as-code
(IaC) principles.
Which AWS service can be used to meet this requirement?
A. AWS Systems Manager
B. AWS CloudFormation
C. AWS CodeCommit
D. AWS Config

-- 135 of 400 --

Q136)
A company that has multiple business units wants to centrally manage and govern its
AWS Cloud environments. The company wants to automate the creation of AWS
accounts, apply service control policies (SCPs), and simplify billing processes.
Which AWS service or tool should the company use to meet these requirements?
A. AWS Organizations
B. Cost Explorer
C. AWS Budgets
D. AWS Trusted Advisor

-- 136 of 400 --

Q137)
An administrator must fast install and begin utilizing a popular IT product.
What resources are available to the administrator?
A. AWS Well-Architected Framework documentation
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. AWS CodeCommit
D. AWS Quick Start reference deployments

-- 137 of 400 --

Q138)
Which solution enables users in various AWS Regions to have the FASTEST application
response times for frequently requested data?
A. AWS CloudTrail across multiple Availability Zones
B. Amazon CloudFront to edge locations
C. AWS CloudFormation in multiple regions
D. A virtual private gateway over AWS Direct Connect

-- 138 of 400 --

Q139)
Which qualities make AWS Cloud computing advantageous? (Select two.)
A. A 100% service level agreement (SLA) for all AWS services
B. Compute capacity that is adjusted on demand
C. Availability of AWS Support for code development
D. Enhanced security
E. Increases in cost and complexity

-- 139 of 400 --

Q140)
A corporation anticipates a brief increase in internet traffic for their application. The
program cannot be interrupted during the traffic spike. In addition, the organization
must reduce costs while increasing flexibility.
To achieve these needs, which Amazon EC2 instance type should the organization use?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. Reserved Instances
D. Dedicated Hosts

-- 140 of 400 --

Q141)
Which IT controls do AWS and the customer share, according to the AWS shared
responsibility model? (Choose two.)
A. Physical and environmental controls
B. Patch management
C. Cloud awareness and training
D. Zone security
E. Application data encryption

-- 141 of 400 --

Q142)
A company is launching an application in the AWS Cloud. The application will use
Amazon S3 storage. A large team of researchers will have shared access to the data.
The company must be able to recover data that is accidentally overwritten or deleted.
Which S3 feature should the company turn on to meet this requirement?
A. Server access logging
B. S3 Versioning
C. S3 Lifecycle rules
D. Encryption in transit and at rest

-- 142 of 400 --

Q143)
An Amazon RDS database instance is deployed across several Availability Zones.
Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework is included in this strategy?
A. Performance efficiency
B. Reliability
C. Cost optimization
D. Security

-- 143 of 400 --

Q144)
Amazon EC2, an Elastic Load Balancer, and Amazon RDS are all components of an
architectural design.
What is the BEST method for estimating the monthly cost of this architecture?
A. Open an AWS Support case, provide the architecture proposal, and ask for a
monthly cost estimation.
B. Collect the published prices of the AWS services and calculate the monthly
estimate.
C. Use the AWS Simple Monthly Calculator to estimate the monthly cost.
D. Use the AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator to estimate the monthly cost.

-- 144 of 400 --

Q145)
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which job is the customer's duty?
A. Maintain the security of the AWS Cloud.
B. Configure firewalls and networks.
C. Patch the operating system of Amazon RDS instances.
D. Implement physical and environmental controls.

-- 145 of 400 --

Q146)
On Amazon EC2, a business hosts a web application in a Docker container.
Which of the following duties is AWS in charge of?
A. Scaling the web application and services developed with Docker
B. Provisioning or scheduling containers to run on clusters and maintain their
availability
C. Performing hardware maintenance in the AWS facilities that run the AWS Cloud
D. Managing the guest operating system, including updates and security patches

-- 146 of 400 --

Q147)
What are the AWS Cloud's advantages? (Select two.)
A. Fixed rate monthly cost
B. No need to guess capacity requirements
C. Increased speed to market
D. Increased upfront capital expenditure
E. Physical access to cloud data centers

-- 147 of 400 --

Q148)
An Elastic Load Balancer, numerous Amazon EC2 instances, and Amazon RDS are used
to run a web application on AWS.
Which security measures are AWS's responsibility? (Select two.)
A. Running a virus scan on EC2 instances
B. Protecting against IP spoofing and packet sniffing
C. Installing the latest security patches on the RDS instance
D. Encrypting communication between the EC2 instances and the Elastic Load
Balancer
E. Configuring a security group and a network access control list (NACL) for EC2
instances

-- 148 of 400 --

Q149)
A manufacturing company has a critical application that runs at a remote site that has
a slow internet connection. The company wants to migrate the workload to AWS. The
application is sensitive to latency and interruptions in connectivity. The company
wants a solution that can host this application with minimum latency.
Which AWS service or feature should the company use to meet these requirements?
A. Availability Zones
B. AWS Local Zones
C. AWS Wavelength
D. AWS Outposts

-- 149 of 400 --

Q150)
Which AWS service or feature facilitates the purchase and deployment of third-party
software by providing an online, managed software catalog?
A. AWS Support
B. AWS Marketplace
C. Amazon EC2 private Amazon Machine Images (AMls)
D. AWS reseller programs

-- 150 of 400 --

Q151)
A business wishes to improve its capacity for infrastructure recovery in the event of a
natural catastrophe. This capability corresponds to which pillar of the AWS Well-
Architected Framework?
A. Cost optimization
B. Performance efficiency
C. Reliability
D. Security

-- 151 of 400 --

Q152)
A business may be required to operate its workload exclusively in its on-premises data
center due to performance and regulatory limitations. Which Amazon Web Services
(AWS) services or resources should the business utilize? (Select two.)
A. Amazon Pinpoint
B. Amazon WorkLink
C. AWS Outposts
D. AWS Snowball Edge
E. AWS AppSync

-- 152 of 400 --

Q153)
For security reasons, a business demands an isolated environment inside AWS.
Which course of action is necessary to achieve this?
A. Create a separate Availability Zone to host the resources.
B. Create a separate VPC to host the resources.
C. Create a placement group to host the resources.
D. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection between the company and AWS.

-- 153 of 400 --

Q154)
How do Amazon's massive economies of scale help customers?
A. Periodic price reductions as the result of Amazon's operational efficiencies
B. New Amazon EC2 instance types providing the latest hardware
C. The ability to scale up and down when needed
D. Increased reliability in the underlying hardware of Amazon EC2 instances

-- 154 of 400 --

Q155)
A company wants to implement threat detection on its AWS infrastructure. However,
the company does not want to deploy additional software. Which AWS service should
the company use to meet these requirements?
A. Amazon VPC
B. Amazon EC2
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. AWS Direct Connect

-- 155 of 400 --

Q156)
Which AWS service uses edge locations?
A. Amazon Aurora
B. AWS Global Accelerator
C. Amazon Connect
D. AWS Outposts

-- 156 of 400 --

Q157)
When utilizing the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI), which of the following
Identity and Access Management (IAM) entities is connected with an access key ID
and secret access key?
A. IAM group
B. IAM user
C. IAM role
D. IAM policy

-- 157 of 400 --

Q158)
What is AWS's sole obligation under the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. Application security
B. Edge location management
C. Patch management
D. Client-side data

-- 158 of 400 --

Q159)
Which component of the AWS architecture permits global computing and storage
deployment?
A. Availability Zones
B. Regions
C. Tags
D. Resource groups

-- 159 of 400 --

Q160)
Which of the following is a design concept associated with dependability in the AWS
Well-Architected Framework?
A. Deployment to a single Availability Zone
B. Ability to recover from failure
C. Design for cost optimization
D. Perform operations as code

-- 160 of 400 --

Q161)
Which activity is entirely the user's responsibility while executing workloads on AWS?
A. Patching the infrastructure components
B. Implementing controls to route application traffic
C. Maintaining physical and environmental controls
D. Maintaining the underlying infrastructure components

-- 161 of 400 --

Q162)
Which statement best describes the AWS Cloud's agility?
A. Agility gives users the ability to host applications in multiple AWS Regions around
the world.
B. Agility gives users the ability to pay upfront to reduce cost.
C. Agility provides customizable physical hardware at the lowest possible cost.
D. Agility provides the means for users to provision resources in minutes.

-- 162 of 400 --

Q163)
Which AWS product or service enables businesses to monitor and classify their
expenditure at a precise level?
A. Cost allocation tags
B. Consolidated billing
C. AWS Budgets
D. AWS Marketplace

-- 163 of 400 --

Q164)
A company needs to install an application in a Docker container. Which AWS service
eliminates the need to provision and manage the container hosts?
A. AWS Fargate
B. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
C. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
D. Amazon EC2

-- 164 of 400 --

Q165)
Which AWS service is responsible for monitoring the health of your applications
automatically?
A. Amazon API Gateway
B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C. AWS Lambda
D. AWS Config

-- 165 of 400 --

Q166)
A user is developing a service that adheres to the AWS Well-Architected Framework's
operational excellence pillar. Which design concept is the user to adhere to?
A. Anticipate failure
B. Make large-scale changes
C. Perform manual operations
D. Create static operational procedures

-- 166 of 400 --

Q167)
When comparing AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) to on-premises TCO, what
charges are included?
A. Project management
B. Antivirus software licensing
C. Data center security
D. Software development

-- 167 of 400 --

Q168)
Which AWS service or feature checks access policies and offers actionable
recommendations to help users set secure and functional policies?
A. AWS Systems Manager
B. AWS IAM Access Analyzer
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon GuardDuty

-- 168 of 400 --

Q169)
Which design concept is fulfilled by adhering to the AWS Well-Architected
Framework's dependability pillar?
A. Vertical scaling
B. Manual failure recovery
C. Testing recovery procedures
D. Changing infrastructure manually

-- 169 of 400 --

Q170)
Which AWS service or functionality can assist a business in determining if it has
publicly accessible Amazon S3 buckets?
A. AWS Service Health Dashboard
B. Amazon CloudWatch Logs
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS Service Catalog

-- 170 of 400 --

Q171)
Seasonal sales surges occur many times a year for an online retailer, most notably
during the holidays. At other times of year, demand is lower. The corporation has
difficulty forecasting the seasonal increase in infrastructure demand. Which benefits
of migrating to the AWS Cloud would be the most beneficial to the business? (Select
two.)
A. Global footprint
B. Elasticity
C. AWS service quotas
D. AWS shared responsibility model
E. Pay-as-you-go pricing

-- 171 of 400 --

Q172)
Which concepts of AWS Cloud architecture may assist boost reliability? (Select two.)
A. Using monolithic architecture
B. Measuring overall efficiency
C. Testing recovery procedures
D. Adopting a consumption model
E. Automatically recovering from failure

-- 172 of 400 --

Q173)
Which sort of storage does Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) and Amazon FSx
provide?
A. File storage
B. Object storage
C. Block storage
D. Instance store

-- 173 of 400 --

Q174)
Which AWS service enables customers to view AWS compliance control reports on-
demand and self-service?
A. AWS Config
B. Amazon GuardDuty
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS Artifact

-- 174 of 400 --

Q175)
What may aid in the evaluation of a cloud-based application? (Select two.)
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Professional Services
C. AWS Systems Manager
D. AWS Partner Network (APN)
E. AWS Secrets Manager

-- 175 of 400 --

Q176)
Which AWS service enables expense control across numerous AWS accounts
effectively?
A. AWS Organizations
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon Connect

-- 176 of 400 --

Q177)
A company's on-premises servers and the AWS Cloud need a dedicated network
connection. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service should be used?
A. AWS VPN
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. Amazon API Gateway
D. Amazon Connect

-- 177 of 400 --

Q178)
On-premises resources have been underused by a user. Which AWS Cloud idea is
optimal for resolving this issue?
A. High availability
B. Elasticity
C. Security
D. Loose coupling

-- 178 of 400 --

Q179)
Which of the following advantages does Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon
RDS) provide over conventional database management?
A. AWS manages the data stored in Amazon RDS tables.
B. AWS manages the maintenance of the operating system.
C. AWS automatically scales up instance types on demand.
D. AWS manages the database type.

-- 179 of 400 --

Q180)
Service control policies (SCPs) manage permissions for which of the following?
A. Availability Zones
B. AWS Regions
C. AWS Organizations
D. Edge locations

-- 180 of 400 --

Q181)
Which AWS service can be used to encrypt data at rest?
A. Amazon GuardDuty
B. AWS Shield
C. AWS Security Hub
D. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)

-- 181 of 400 --

Q182)
A cloud practitioner has a seldom run data analysis job that can be stopped without
causing damage. Which Amazon EC2 purchase option should be utilized to maximize
cost savings?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Reserved Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Dedicated Hosts

-- 182 of 400 --

Q183)
What are the advantages of AWS Cloud service billing consolidation? (Select two.)
A. Volume discounts
B. A minimal additional fee for use
C. One bill for multiple accounts
D. Installment payment options
E. Custom cost and usage budget creation

-- 183 of 400 --

Q184)
Which Amazon EC2 instance type is necessary when a user wishes to use their current
per-socket, per-core, or per-virtual machine software licenses on a Microsoft Windows
server operating on AWS?
A. Spot Instances
B. Dedicated Instances
C. Dedicated Hosts
D. Reserved Instances

-- 184 of 400 --

Q185)
When users connect to a website with a worldwide consumer base, they report
experiencing delay. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering will enhance the user
experience by lowering latency?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
D. AWS Transit Gateway

-- 185 of 400 --

Q186)
Which capabilities or services are available for monitoring an AWS account's charges
and expenses? (Select two.)
A. AWS Cost and Usage report
B. AWS product pages
C. AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
D. Billing alerts and Amazon CloudWatch alarms
E. AWS Price List API

-- 186 of 400 --

Q187)
Which service enables users to store data in the Amazon Web Services cloud?
A. Amazon EFS
B. Amazon Redshift
C. Amazon RDS
D. Amazon VPC

-- 187 of 400 --

Q188)
Which AWS service or product enables an organization to automate the delivery of
application changes?
A. Amazon AppFlow
B. AWS CodeDeploy
C. AWS PrivateLink
D. Amazon EKS Distro

-- 188 of 400 --

Q189)
A corporation wishes to minimize the physical footprint of the computing resources
used by developers to execute programs. Which service would enable serverless
architectures to address this need?
A. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
B. AWS Lambda
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. AWS CodeCommit

-- 189 of 400 --

Q190)
A Load Balancer Elastic enables online traffic to be distributed across multiple:
A. AWS Regions.
B. Availability Zones.
C. Dedicated Hosts.
D. Amazon S3 buckets.

-- 190 of 400 --

Q191)
What is AWS Storage Gateway's purpose?
A. It ensures on-premises data storage is 99.999999999% durable.
B. It transports petabytes of data to and from AWS.
C. It connects to multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
D. It connects on-premises data storage to the AWS Cloud.

-- 191 of 400 --

Q192)
How can a client anticipate future expenses associated with the operation of a new
web application?
A. Amazon Aurora Backtrack
B. Amazon CloudWatch Billing Alarms
C. AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
D. AWS Cost and Usage report

-- 192 of 400 --

Q193)
The term "fault tolerance" relates to the following:
A. the ability of an application to accommodate growth without changing design
B. how well and how quickly an application's environment can have lost data restored
C. how secure your application is
D. the built-in redundancy of an application's components

-- 193 of 400 --

Q194)
Which AWS service enables conventional SQL queries against stored datasets straight
from Amazon S3?
A. AWS Glue
B. AWS Data Pipeline
C. Amazon CloudSearch
D. Amazon Athena

-- 194 of 400 --

Q195)
A startup is developing a new application that must be launched immediately. In the
near future, the application criteria may need to be Which of the following is an AWS
Cloud feature that would fulfill this particular requirement?
A. Elasticity
B. Reliability
C. Performance
D. Agility

-- 195 of 400 --

Q196)
Which characteristics are advantages of using the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A. A 100% service level agreement (SLA) for all AWS services
B. Compute capacity that is adjusted on demand
C. Availability of AWS Support for code development
D. Enhanced security
E. Increases in cost and complexity

-- 196 of 400 --

Q197)
A company wants to convert video files and audio files from their source format into a
format that will play on smartphones, tablets, and web browsers. Which AWS service
will meet these requirements?
A. Amazon Elastic Transcoder
B. Amazon Comprehend
C. AWS Glue
D. Amazon Rekognition

-- 197 of 400 --

Q198)
A company has several departments. Each department has its own AWS accounts for
its applications. The company wants all AWS costs on a single invoice to simplify
payment, but the company wants to know the costs that each department is incurring.
Which AWS tool or feature will provide this functionality?
A. AWS Cost and Usage Reports
B. Consolidated billing
C. Savings Plans
D. AWS Budgets

-- 198 of 400 --

Q199)
A company wants to eliminate the need to guess infrastructure capacity before
deployments. The company also wants to spend its budget on cloud resources only as
the company uses the resources. Which advantage of the AWS Cloud matches the
company's requirements?
A. Reliability
B. Global reach
C. Economies of scale
D. Pay-as-you-go pricing

-- 199 of 400 --

Q200)
Which AWS service must be enabled in order for the AWS Management Console to
monitor all user account changes?
A. AWS CloudTrail
B. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
C. VPC Flow Logs
D. AWS CloudHSM

-- 200 of 400 --

Q201)
Recently, an ecommerce firm began using the AWS Cloud.
Which security-related responsibilities fall within the purview of the business? (Select
two.)
A. Restrict who is allowed physical access to the hosts that run the company's Amazon
EC2 instances.
B. Install security patches on Amazon EC2 Linux instances.
C. Choose to encrypt data at rest that is stored on Amazon S3.
D. Wipe Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes clean before they are
decommissioned.
E. Conduct database patching for Amazon RDS instances.

-- 201 of 400 --

Q202)
A business needs to guarantee that users of the AWS Management Console adhere to
password complexity guidelines.
How can a business customize the difficulty of its passwords?
A. Using an AWS IAM user policy
B. Using an AWS Organizations service control policy (SCP)
C. Using an AWS IAM account password policy
D. Using an AWS Security Hub managed insight

-- 202 of 400 --

Q203)
Which AWS service would determine if a security group has granted unlimited access
to a resource?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C. VPC Flow Logs
D. AWS CloudTrail

-- 203 of 400 --

Q204)
Which features are available to users while using AWS KMS?
A. Create and manage AWS access keys for the AWS account root user
B. Create and manage AWS access keys for an AWS account IAM user
C. Create and manage keys for encryption and decryption of data
D. Create and manage keys for multi-factor authentication

-- 204 of 400 --

Q205)
On Amazon EC2 instances, a business has installed various relational databases. Each
month, the database software manufacturer publishes new security updates for
databases that must be deployed.
Which method is the MOST EFFECTIVE for applying security patches?
A. Connect to each database instance on a monthly basis, and download and apply the
necessary security patches from the vendor.
B. Enable automatic patching for the instances using the Amazon RDS console.
C. In AWS Config, configure a rule for the instances and the required patch level.
D. Use AWS Systems Manager to automate database patching according to a schedule.

-- 205 of 400 --

Q206)
A business is releasing a new application on AWS. The application will be hosted on an
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instance. Additional EC2 instances will be
required as the demand grows.
Which AWS service or technology can the business utilize to deploy the required
number of EC2 instances?
A. Elastic Load Balancing
B. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
C. AWS App2Container (A2C)
D. AWS Systems Manager

-- 206 of 400 --

Q207)
What does it mean to provide AWS IAM users the fewest possible privileges?
A. It is granting permissions to a single user only.
B. It is granting permissions using AWS IAM policies only.
C. It is granting AdministratorAccess policy permissions to trustworthy users.
D. It is granting only the permissions required to perform a given task.

-- 207 of 400 --

Q208)
When building an Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) instance in
Multiple Availability Zone mode, which architectural concept is followed?
A. Implement loose coupling.
B. Design for failure.
C. Automate everything that can be automated.
D. Use services, not servers.

-- 208 of 400 --

Q209)
What is a user's responsibility while using the AWS Cloud to execute an application?
A. Managing physical hardware
B. Updating the underlying hypervisor
C. Providing a list of users approved for data center access
D. Managing application software updates

-- 209 of 400 --

Q210)
Which of the following statements concerning AWS's worldwide infrastructure is true?
A. Availability Zones can span multiple AWS Regions.
B. A VPC can have different subnets in different AWS Regions.
C. AWS Regions consist of multiple Availability Zones.
D. A single subnet can span multiple Availability Zones.

-- 210 of 400 --

Q211)
A business wishes to link AWS to its corporate network through a private network
connection.
Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service or functionality will satisfy this
requirement?
A. Amazon Connect
B. Amazon Route 53
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. VPC peering

-- 211 of 400 --

Q212)
Which of the following may be used to restrict certain users’ access to Amazon Simple
Storage Service (Amazon S3) buckets?
A. A public and private key-pair
B. Amazon Inspector
C. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policies
D. Security Groups

-- 212 of 400 --

Q213)
Which of the following is an AWS Well-Architected Framework design principle?
A. Reduce downtime by making infrastructure changes infrequently and in large
increments.
B. Invest the time to configure infrastructure manually.
C. Learn to improve from operational failures.
D. Use monolithic application design for centralization.

-- 213 of 400 --

Q214)
Which AWS service enables a business to identify and reroute customers to other
servers in the event of a website server outage?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. Amazon GuardDuty
C. Amazon Route 53
D. AWS Trusted Advisor

-- 214 of 400 --

Q215)
An organization with an AWS Support plan for developers established an Amazon RDS
database but is unable to connect to it.
To get this degree of help, who should the developer contact?
A. AWS Support using a support case
B. AWS Professional Services
C. AWS Technical Account Manager
D. AWS Consulting Partners

-- 215 of 400 --

Q216)
Which AWS service enables you to monitor and debug distributed applications end-to-
end?
A. AWS Cloud9
B. AWS CodeStar
C. AWS Cloud Map
D. AWS X-Ray

-- 216 of 400 --

Q217)
Which AWS shared responsibility model duties are the customer’s responsibility?
(Select two.)
A. Infrastructure facilities access management
B. Cloud infrastructure hardware lifecycle management
C. Configuration management of user’s applications
D. Networking infrastructure protection
E. Security groups configuration

-- 217 of 400 --

Q218)
Which AWS Cloud service gives tips on how to optimize an AWS account’s
performance?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. AWS CloudTrail

-- 218 of 400 --

Q219)
Which variables impact AWS Cloud costs? (Select two.)
A. The number of unused AWS Lambda functions
B. The number of configured Amazon S3 buckets
C. Inbound data transfers without acceleration
D. Outbound data transfers without acceleration
E. Compute resources that are currently in use

-- 219 of 400 --

Q220)
A corporation is required by law to track and assess configuration changes to AWS
resources, as well as to conduct corrective steps.
Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service should the business use?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS Secrets Manager
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. AWS Trusted Advisor

-- 220 of 400 --

Q221)
Which AWS service should be utilized to store data backups for an extended period of
time at a reasonable cost?
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon Glacier
C. AWS Snowball
D. Amazon EBS

-- 221 of 400 --

Q222)
What does the AWS Cloud bring clients in terms of increased execution speed and
agility? (Select two.)
A. Readily available resources with low provisioning times
B. Scalable compute capacity
C. Free Tier services usage
D. Access to AWS data centers
E. Lower resource provisioning cost

-- 222 of 400 --

Q223)
A retailer wishes to supply just the resources required to meet current demand.
Which cloud advantage is the organization attempting to accomplish with this
objective?
A. Reliability
B. Global reach
C. Scalability
D. High availability

-- 223 of 400 --

Q224)
What storage capabilities does Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering provide?
A. Payment flexibility by reserving storage capacity
B. Long-term retention of data by copying the data to an encrypted Amazon EBS
volume
C. Automatic cost savings by moving objects between tiers based on access pattern
changes
D. Secure, durable, and lowest-cost storage for data archival

-- 224 of 400 --

Q225)
A business wishes to transfer its apps to an AWS VPC. These apps will need access to
resources located on-premises.
Which combination of activities will allow the business to achieve this objective?
(Select two.)
A. Use the AWS Service Catalog to identify on-premises resources that can be
migrated
B. Build a VPN connection between an on-premises device and a virtual private
gateway in the new VPC
C. Use Amazon Athena to query data from on-premises database servers
D. Connect the company’s on-premises data center to AWS using AWS Direct Connect
E. Leverage Amazon CloudFront to restrict access to static web content hosted on-
premises

-- 225 of 400 --

Q226)
What is the most effective approach to link an on-premises network to numerous
VPCs located in separate AWS Regions?
A. Use AWS Direct Connect
B. Use AWS VPN
C. Use AWS Client VPN
D. Use an AWS Transit Gateway

-- 226 of 400 --

Q227)
Multiple Regions of the AWS Cloud are an example of:
A. Agility
B. Global infrastructure
C. Elasticity
D. Pay-as-you-go pricing

-- 227 of 400 --

Q228)
Which AWS service does Chef and Puppet utilize to automate configuration
management?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS OpsWorks
C. AWS CloudFormation
D. AWS Systems Manager

-- 228 of 400 --

Q229)
A corporation wants to remove the necessity for pre-deployment estimation of
infrastructure capacity. Additionally, the corporation wants to spend its money on
cloud resources only when the resources are used.
Which AWS Cloud feature best meets the business’s needs?
A. Reliability
B. Global reach
C. Economies of scale
D. Pay-as-you-go pricing

-- 229 of 400 --

Q230)
SQL injection attacks are being launched against an application from a variety of
external locations.
Which AWS service or functionality can assist in automating response to these
attacks?
A. AWS WAF
B. Security groups
C. Elastic Load Balancer
D. Network ACL

-- 230 of 400 --

Q231)
Which feature enables Amazon EC2 instances to be more elastic in response to
changing workload demand?
A. Resource groups
B. Lifecycle policies
C. Application Load Balancer
D. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling

-- 231 of 400 --

Q232)
What time-saving benefits can Amazon Rekognition provide?
A. Automatic watermarking of images
B. Automatic detection of objects appearing in pictures
C. Ability to resize millions of images automatically
D. Use of Amazon Mechanical Turk for human-powered object detection jobs

-- 232 of 400 --

Q233)
A corporation wants to migrate petabytes of data from on-premises sites to the AWS
Cloud as rapidly as feasible.
Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service should the business use?
A. AWS Snowball
B. AWS Global Accelerator
C. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
D. Amazon Connect

-- 233 of 400 --

Q234)
Where should a business go to locate, test, purchase, and deploy software that works
on AWS?
A. AWS Marketplace
B. Amazon Lumberyard
C. AWS Artifact
D. Amazon CloudSearch

-- 234 of 400 --

Q235)
A business’s user base is worldwide in scope. The organization needs a highly available
application with reduced latency for end users.
Which AWS architecture approach will meet these criteria the MOST effectively?
A. Single-Region, Multi-AZ architecture
B. Multi-Region, active-active architecture
C. Multi-Region, active-passive architecture
D. Single-Region, Single-AZ architecture

-- 235 of 400 --

Q236)
Which duty is the customer’s responsibility under the AWS shared responsibility
model?
A. Maintaining the infrastructure needed to run AWS Lambda
B. Updating the operating system of Amazon DynamoDB instances
C. Maintaining Amazon S3 infrastructure
D. Updating the guest operating system on Amazon EC2 instances

-- 236 of 400 --

Q237)
How can a user safeguard against AWS service outages in the event of a widespread
natural disaster?
A. Deploy applications across multiple Availability Zones within an AWS Region
B. Use a hybrid cloud computing deployment model within the geographic area
C. Deploy applications across multiple AWS Regions
D. Store application artifacts using AWS Artifact and replicate them across multiple
AWS Regions

-- 237 of 400 --

Q238)
What is an example of a cloud-based application that is decoupled and scalable?
A. A mail and log application that runs on a single Amazon EC2 instance
B. A webpage hosted on Amazon S3 and using AWS Lambda to update an Amazon
DynamoDB database
C. An Application Load Balancer, web server, and database server supporting a
monolithic application
D. A legacy database server running on the maximum instance size supported by its
license

-- 238 of 400 --

Q239)
A client has many AWS accounts, each with its own billing.
How can the client benefit from bulk savings while minimizing the effect on AWS
resources?
A. Create one global AWS account and move all AWS resources to that account
B. Sign up for three years of Reserved Instance pricing up front
C. Use the consolidated billing feature from AWS Organizations
D. Sign up for the AWS Enterprise Support plan to get volume discounts

-- 239 of 400 --

Q240)
A business must keep its data near to its core consumers.
Which AWS Cloud advantage satisfies this requirement?
A. Security
B. High availability
C. Elasticity
D. Global footprint

-- 240 of 400 --

Q241)
Who is responsible for the virtualization layer down to the physical security of the
facilities in which AWS services operate under the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. It is the sole responsibility of the customer.
B. It is the sole responsibility of AWS.
C. It is a shared responsibility between AWS and the customer.
D. The customer's AWS Support plan tier determines who manages the configuration.

-- 241 of 400 --

Q242)
A company's managed IAM policy does not allow users the rights essential to do
needed activities. How is this situation to be resolved?
A. Enable AWS Shield Advanced
B. Create a custom IAM policy
C. Use a third-party web application firewall (WAF) managed rule from the AWS
Marketplace
D. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to create a customer-managed key

-- 242 of 400 --

Q243)
A business wishes to strengthen its security and audit posture by restricting incoming
access to Amazon EC2. What should the organization use instead of opening incoming
SSH ports and handling SSH keys to remotely access instances?
A. EC2 key pairs
B. AWS Systems Manager Session Manager
C. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
D. Network ACLs

-- 243 of 400 --

Q244)
Which scenarios warrant the utilization of Amazon EC2 Spot Instances?
A. A company wants to move its main website to AWS from an on-premises web
server.
B. A company has a number of application services whose SLA requires 99.999%
uptime.
C. A company's heavily used legacy database is currently running on-premises.
D. A company has a number of infrequent, interruptible jobs that are currently using
On-Demand Instances.

-- 244 of 400 --

Q245)
A business must transmit time-sensitive communications to a large number of
subscribers using a push technique. Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service should
the business use?
A. Amazon Kinesis
B. Amazon MQ
C. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
D. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)

-- 245 of 400 --

Q246)
Which tasks need access to the root user of the AWS account? (Select two.)
A. Changing an AWS Support plan
B. Modifying an Amazon EC2 instance type
C. Grouping resources in AWS Systems Manager
D. Running applications in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
E. Closing an AWS account

-- 246 of 400 --

Q247)
Which AWS Cloud best practice makes advantage of cloud computing's flexibility and
agility?
A. Provision capacity based on past usage and theoretical peaks
B. Dynamically and predictively scale to meet usage demands
C. Build the application and infrastructure in a data center that grants physical access
D. Break apart the application into loosely coupled components

-- 247 of 400 --

Q248)
Users of Amazon Route 53 are able to:
A. encrypt data in transit
B. register DNS domain names
C. generate and manage SSL certificates
D. establish a dedicated network connection to AWS

-- 248 of 400 --

Q249)
Which characteristic of the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) allows
customers to link two VPCs?
A. Amazon VPC endpoints
B. Amazon EC2 ClassicLink
C. Amazon VPC peering
D. AWS Direct Connect

-- 249 of 400 --

Q250)
Multiple Amazon EC2 instances are used to host an application. The program sends
messages using Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). Which AWS service
or feature grants authorization for the application to access needed AWS services?
A. AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)
B. IAM roles
C. AWS Security Hub
D. Amazon GuardDuty

-- 250 of 400 --

Q251)
A business is contemplating migrating to the AWS Cloud. The firm wishes to be able to
scale its computing capacity in response to changing demand conditions. Which AWS
Cloud advantage does this case illustrate?
A. Global deployments in minutes
B. Cost savings
C. Agility
D. Elasticity

-- 251 of 400 --

Q252)
Which of the following is a NoSQL database service that is both quick and
dependable?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon RDS
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon S3

-- 252 of 400 --

Q253)
A client wants to develop and construct a new workload on AWS Cloud but lacks the
necessary technical skills in AWS-related technologies. Which of the following AWS
programs may a client use to accomplish that goal?
A. AWS Partner Network Technology Partners
B. AWS Marketplace
C. AWS Partner Network Consulting Partners
D. AWS Service Catalog

-- 253 of 400 --

Q254)
Which AWS solution enables rapid setup and management of a new multi-account
AWS environment?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Security Hub
C. AWS Control Tower
D. AWS Resource Access Manager

-- 254 of 400 --

Q255)
Which operation needs the usage of the root account user credentials for the AWS
account?
A. Closing an AWS account
B. Creating a log file
C. Modifying IAM user permissions
D. Deleting IAM users

-- 255 of 400 --

Q256)
On Amazon EC2 instances, a business is operating and controlling its own Docker
environment. An alternate is desired to assist in managing cluster size, scheduling, and
environment management. Which AWS service satisfies these criteria?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon RDS
C. AWS Fargate
D. Amazon Athena

-- 256 of 400 --

Q257)
Which AWS situations exemplify the idea of elasticity? (Select two.)
A. Scaling the number of Amazon EC2 instances based on traffic
B. Resizing Amazon RDS instances as business needs change
C. Automatically directing traffic to less-utilized Amazon EC2 instances
D. Using AWS compliance documents to accelerate the compliance process
E. Having the ability to create and govern environments using code

-- 257 of 400 --

Q258)
Which of the following are advantages of using the AWS Cloud to host infrastructure?
(Select two.)
A. There are no upfront commitments
B. AWS manages all security in the cloud
C. Users have the ability to provision resources on demand
D. Users have access to free and unlimited storage
E. Users have control over the physical infrastructure

-- 258 of 400 --

Q259)
Which of the following are benefits of Amazon Web Services' cloud computing
platform? (Select two.)
A. AWS manages the maintenance of the cloud infrastructure
B. AWS manages the security of applications built on AWS
C. AWS manages capacity planning for physical servers
D. AWS manages the development of applications on AWS
E. AWS manages cost planning for virtual servers

-- 259 of 400 --

Q260)
Which AWS service enables infrastructure as code management?
A. AWS CodePipeline
B. AWS CodeDeploy
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. AWS CloudFormation

-- 260 of 400 --

Q261)
How might AWS help a business manage costs when an application's consumption
varies unpredictably?
A. AWS will refund the cost difference if a customer moves to larger servers
B. The application can be built to scale up or down automatically as resources are
needed
C. Spot instances will automatically be used if the price is lower than on-demand
instances
D. Amazon CloudWatch will automatically predict what resources are needed

-- 261 of 400 --

Q262)
What are the benefits of deploying an application across various Availability Zones
using Amazon EC2 instances? (Select two.)
A. Preventing a single point of failure
B. Reducing the operational costs of the application
C. Allowing the application to serve cross-region users with low latency
D. Increasing the availability of the application
E. Increasing the load of the application

-- 262 of 400 --

Q263)
Which AWS service supports a hybrid architecture that gives users the ability to
extend AWS infrastructure, AWS services, APIs, and tools to data centers, co-location
environments, or on-premises facilities?
A. AWS Snowmobile
B. AWS Local Zones
C. AWS Outposts
D. AWS Fargate

-- 263 of 400 --

Q264)
A company has a physical tape library to store data backups. The tape library is
running out of space. The company needs to extend the tape library's capacity to the
AWS Cloud. Which AWS service should the company use to meet this requirement?
A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
D. AWS Storage Gateway

-- 264 of 400 --

Q265)
A business wishes to downsize its infrastructure in order to save money. At what
stages should a business downsize? (Select two.)
A. Rightsize before a migration occurs to the cloud
B. Rightsize continuously after the cloud onboarding process
C. Rightsize when AWS Support calls and explains that rightsizing is needed
D. Rightsize when seasonal workloads are at their peak
E. Rightsize after purchasing all Reserved Instances

-- 265 of 400 --

Q266)
AWS Budgets may be used for the following purposes:
A. prevent a given user from creating a resource
B. send an alert when the utilization of Reserved Instances drops below a certain
percentage
C. set resource limits in AWS accounts to prevent overspending
D. split an AWS bill across multiple forms of payment

-- 266 of 400 --

Q267)
An online retail company has seasonal sales spikes several times a year, primarily
around holidays. Demand is lower at other times. The company finds it difficult to
predict the increasing infrastructure demand for each season. Which advantages of
moving to the AWS Cloud would MOST benefit the company? (Choose two.)
A. Global footprint
B. Elasticity
C. AWS service quotas
D. AWS shared responsibility model
E. Pay-as-you-go pricing

-- 267 of 400 --

Q268)
What are the advantages of unified billing for Amazon Web Services accounts?
A. Access to AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. Combined usage volume discounts
C. Improved account security
D. Centralized AWS IAM

-- 268 of 400 --

Q269)
A corporation wants to connect to AWS from a distant office through a private, low-
latency connection. Which strategy is advised for meeting these requirements?
A. Create a VPN tunnel
B. Connect across the public internet
C. Use VPC peering to create a connection
D. Use AWS Direct Connect

-- 269 of 400 --

Q270)
Which AWS service can be used to turn text into lifelike speech?
A. Amazon Polly
B. Amazon Kendra
C. Amazon Rekognition
D. Amazon Connect

-- 270 of 400 --

Q271)
Which Amazon EC2 pricing model is dynamically adjusted in response to EC2 instance
availability and demand?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Reserved Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Convertible Reserved Instances

-- 271 of 400 --

Q272)
Which service should a client utilize to integrate and manage several Amazon Web
Services accounts centrally?
A. AWS IAM
B. AWS Organizations
C. AWS Schema Conversion Tool
D. AWS Config

-- 272 of 400 --

Q273)
Which AWS service or tool can be used to capture information about inbound and
outbound traffic in an Amazon VPC?
A. VPC Flow Logs
B. Amazon Inspector
C. VPC endpoint services
D. NAT gateway

-- 273 of 400 --

Q274)
Which choices do users have when contacting AWS Support?
A. Create an email case in the AWS Support Center.
B. Visit a local AWS Support Center.
C. Use live chat functionality.
D. Call the customer service phone number.
E. Use the video conference functionality of the AWS Support console.

-- 274 of 400 --

Q275)
A business must track and anticipate AWS expenditures and use. Additionally, the
organization must configure event-driven alerts that are triggered when expenditure
limitations are exceeded. Which AWS offering or technology should the business
employ?
A. AWS Budgets
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C. AWS Config
D. AWS Service Catalog

-- 275 of 400 --

Q276)
Which of the following IT functions does AWS do in order to relieve a business of its
responsibility for managing its IT resources? (Select two.)
A. Configuring operating system firewalls
B. Setting up access controls for data
C. Backing up databases
D. Configuring database user accounts
E. Installing operating systems

-- 276 of 400 --

Q277)
Which AWS technologies aid in cost estimation? (Select three.)
A. Detailed billing report
B. Cost allocation tags
C. AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
D. AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
E. Cost Estimator

-- 277 of 400 --

Q278)
A company wants to ensure that two Amazon EC2 instances are in separate data
centers with minimal communication latency between the data centers. How can the
company meet this requirement?
A. Place the EC2 instances in two separate AWS Regions connected with a VPC peering
connection.
B. Place the EC2 instances in two separate Availability Zones within the same AWS
Region.
C. Place one EC2 instance on premises and the other in an AWS Region. Then connect
them by using an AWS VPN connection.
D. Place both EC2 instances in a placement group for dedicated bandwidth.

-- 278 of 400 --

Q279)
In comparison to conventional and virtualized data center prices, AWS offers the
following:
A. greater variable costs and greater upfront costs.
B. fixed usage costs and lower upfront costs.
C. lower variable costs and greater upfront costs.
D. lower variable costs and lower upfront costs.

-- 279 of 400 --

Q280)
Which situations should the AWS Abuse team be notified about?
A. An Availability Zone has a service disruption
B. An intrusion attempt is made from an AWS IP address
C. A user has trouble accessing an Amazon S3 bucket from an AWS IP address
D. A user needs to change payment methods due to a compromise

-- 280 of 400 --

Q281)
Which AWS feature should a client exploit to ensure an application's high availability?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. Availability Zones
C. Data centers
D. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)

-- 281 of 400 --

Q282)
In which situations should a company create an IAM user instead of an IAM role?
(Select two.)
A. When an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances requires access to other
AWS services
B. When the company creates AWS access credentials for individuals
C. When the company creates an application that runs on a mobile phone that makes
requests to AWS
D. When the company needs to add users to IAM groups
E. When users are authenticated in the corporate network and want to use AWS
without signing in a second time

-- 282 of 400 --

Q283)
How might an AWS client implement common access restrictions to a big group of
users easily?
A. Apply an IAM policy to an IAM group.
B. Apply an IAM policy to an IAM role.
C. Apply the same IAM policy to all IAM users with access to the same workload.
D. Apply an IAM policy to an Amazon Cognito user pool.

-- 283 of 400 --

Q284)
Which AWS service is used to provide encryption for Amazon EBS?
A. AWS Certificate Manager
B. AWS Systems Manager
C. AWS KMS
D. AWS Config

-- 284 of 400 --

Q285)
A business needs software solutions that are either hosted on the AWS platform or are
linked with it. Independent software providers, as well as management and security
vendors, are required to provide solutions. Which organization or team is capable of
providing these solutions?
A. AWS technical account managers (TAMs)
B. AWS Partner Network (APN) Consulting Partners
C. AWS Concierge Support
D. AWS Partner Network (APN) Technology Partners

-- 285 of 400 --

Q286)
Which AWS services are available for application deployment? (Select two.)
A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
B. AWS Config
C. AWS OpsWorks
D. AWS Application Discovery Service
E. Amazon Kinesis

-- 286 of 400 --

Q287)
Which AWS services make use of global edge locations? (Select two.)
A. AWS Fargate
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. AWS Global Accelerator
D. AWS Wavelength
E. Amazon VPC

-- 287 of 400 --

Q288)
Which responsibility do customers bear while using Amazon EC2? (Select two.)
A. Underlying hardware maintenance
B. File-system-level encryption
C. Guest operating system firewall configuration
D. Hypervisor-level software patching
E. Physical security at data center facilities

-- 288 of 400 --

Q289)
A company is operating several factories where it builds products. The company needs
the ability to process data, store data, and run applications with local system
interdependencies that require low latency. Which AWS service should the company
use to meet these requirements?
A. AWS IoT Greengrass
B. AWS Lambda
C. AWS Outposts
D. AWS Snowball Edge

-- 289 of 400 --

Q290)
A business needs to handle a huge volume of data from social network accounts using
high-throughput graphical queries. Which AWS service will assist the business in
developing a cloud architecture that satisfies these criteria?
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Neptune
D. Amazon Redshift

-- 290 of 400 --

Q291)
Which AWS service enables the use of the AWS Cloud to host a NoSQL database?
A. Amazon Aurora
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon RDS
D. Amazon Redshift

-- 291 of 400 --

Q292)
Which of the following acts as an instance-level firewall to control inbound and
outbound access?
A. Network access control list
B. Security groups
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Virtual private gateways

-- 292 of 400 --

Q293)
A business is consolidating many apps into a single AWS account. The organization
wishes to keep track of the AWS Cloud fees paid by individual applications. What can
the business do to ensure compliance with this requirement?
A. Set up invoiced billing.
B. Use AWS Artifact.
C. Set the budgets in Cost Explorer.
D. Create cost allocation tags.

-- 293 of 400 --

Q294)
On an Amazon EC2 instance, a batch job takes 5 hours to complete. Monthly, the
quantity of data to be processed doubles, and the time required to process it is
proportionate. What is the optimal cloud architecture for meeting this escalating
demand?
A. Run the application on a bigger EC2 instance size.
B. Switch to an EC2 instance family that better matches batch requirements.
C. Distribute the application across multiple EC2 instances and run the workload in
parallel.
D. Run the application on a bare metal EC2 instance.

-- 294 of 400 --

Q295)
A company has a workload that will run continuously for 1 year. The workload cannot
tolerate service interruptions. Which Amazon EC2 purchasing option will be MOST
cost-effective?
A. All Upfront Reserved Instances
B. Partial Upfront Reserved Instances
C. Dedicated Instances
D. On-Demand Instances

-- 295 of 400 --

Q296)
How can AWS Trusted Advisor assist AWS Cloud users? (Select two.)
A. It identifies software vulnerabilities in applications running on AWS
B. It provides a list of cost optimization recommendations based on current AWS usage
C. It detects potential security vulnerabilities caused by permissions settings on
account resources
D. It automatically corrects potential security issues caused by permissions settings on
account resources
E. It provides proactive alerting whenever an Amazon EC2 instance has been
compromised

-- 296 of 400 --

Q297)
Which AWS function will assist users in determining the CPU capacity of an application
running on an Amazon EC2 instance?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. AWS Config
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. Amazon Inspector

-- 297 of 400 --

Q298)
A user may create a master payer account in order to access aggregated billing data
via:
A. AWS Budgets
B. Amazon Macie
C. Amazon QuickSight
D. AWS Organizations

-- 298 of 400 --

Q299)
Every few years, a business invests several months in modernizing its on-premises
infrastructure. The organization wishes to shorten the time required for infrastructure
purchase by shifting to the AWS Cloud. What is the primary advantage of transferring
this use case to the AWS Cloud?
A. AWS will help move the existing hardware to the AWS data centers.
B. The company will have increased agility with on-demand access to IT resources.
C. Enterprise support will be available to help with recurring application installation
and setup.
D. The company will experience less downtime with Multi-AZ deployments.

-- 299 of 400 --

Q300)
Which AWS service helps protect against DDoS attacks?
A. AWS Shield
B. Amazon Inspector
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. Amazon Detective

-- 300 of 400 --

Q301)
Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering allows customers to aggregate billing for
many accounts?
A. Amazon QuickSight
B. AWS Organizations
C. AWS Budgets
D. Amazon Forecast

-- 301 of 400 --

Q302)
Which of the following are advantages of Amazon Web Services' cloud computing
platform? (Select two.)
A. Unlimited uptime
B. Elasticity
C. Agility
D. Colocation
E. Capital expenses

-- 302 of 400 --

Q303)
An application installed in the AWS Cloud exhibits irregular consumption patterns and
is responsible for non-stop workloads.
Which Amazon EC2 pricing plan is the MOST cost-effective for this application?
A. Dedicated Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. Reserved Instances
D. On-Demand Instances

-- 303 of 400 --

Q304)
Which service's primary aim is to manage software versions?
A. Amazon CodeStar
B. AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
C. Amazon Cognito
D. AWS CodeCommit

-- 304 of 400 --

Q305)
A business is now undergoing a security examination. The audit includes a security and
compliance review of the company's AWS infrastructure and services. The auditor
must identify and download AWS security and compliance materials. The System and
Organization Control (SOC) reports are one of these documents.
Which AWS service or collection of services is capable of providing these documents?
A. AWS Abuse team
B. AWS Artifact
C. AWS Support
D. AWS Config

-- 305 of 400 --

Q306)
Using AWS Config to record, audit, and evaluate changes to AWS resources to enable
traceability is an example of which AWS Well-Architected Framework pillar?
A. Security
B. Operational excellence
C. Performance efficiency
D. Cost optimization

-- 306 of 400 --

Q307)
Which of the following is a design concept for AWS Cloud architecture?
A. Implement single points of failure.
B. Implement loose coupling.
C. Implement monolithic design.
D. Implement vertical scaling.

-- 307 of 400 --

Q308)
The continuous lowering in AWS Cloud price is a result of the following:
A. pay-as-you-go pricing
B. the AWS global infrastructure
C. economies of scale
D. reserved storage pricing

-- 308 of 400 --

Q309)
Which phase discusses agility as an advantage of AWS Cloud-based development?
A. The ability to pay only when computing resources are consumed, based on the
volume of resources that are consumed
B. The ability to eliminate guessing about infrastructure capacity needs
C. The ability to support innovation through a reduction in the time that is required to
make IT resources available to developers
D. The ability to deploy an application in multiple AWS Regions around the world in
minutes

-- 309 of 400 --

Q310)
Which AWS tool or feature acts as a VPC firewall at the subnet level?
A. Security group
B. Network ACL
C. Traffic Mirroring
D. Internet gateway

-- 310 of 400 --

Q311)
A business wishes to deliver managed Windows virtual desktops and programs
through secure network connections to its distant workers.
Which AWS services does the business have access to in order to achieve these
requirements? (Select two.)
A. Amazon Connect
B. Amazon AppStream 2.0
C. Amazon WorkSpaces
D. AWS Site-to-Site VPN
E. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)

-- 311 of 400 --

Q312)
Which of the following is an AWS shared responsibility?
A. Identity and access management (IAM)
B. Server-side encryption (SSE)
C. Firewall configuration
D. Maintaining physical hardware

-- 312 of 400 --

Q313)
Which storage service can be utilized to host static webpages at a minimal cost?
A. Amazon Glacier
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
D. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)

-- 313 of 400 --

Q314)
Which AWS service can be used to decouple applications?
A. AWS Config
B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
C. AWS Batch
D. Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)

-- 314 of 400 --

Q315)
Which AWS services are globally specified rather than regionally defined? (Select two.)
A. Amazon Route 53
B. Amazon EC2
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon CloudFront
E. Amazon DynamoDB

-- 315 of 400 --

Q316)
Currently, a company's online program is highly dependent on underlying
components, which means that when one component fails, the whole website
crashes.
Which AWS Cloud design concept is most appropriate for resolving the present design
issue?
A. Implementing elasticity, enabling the application to scale up or scale down as
demand changes.
B. Enabling several EC2 instances to run in parallel to achieve better performance.
C. Focusing on decoupling components by isolating them and ensuring individual
components can function when other components fail.
D. Doubling EC2 computing resources to increase system fault tolerance.

-- 316 of 400 --

Q317)
A user must locate, categorize, and safeguard sensitive data stored in Amazon S3
automatically.
Which AWS service satisfies these criteria?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. Amazon Macie
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. AWS Secrets Manager

-- 317 of 400 --

Q318)
On an Amazon EC2 instance, a business hosts an application. Several AWS resources,
including Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB, are required by the EC2 instance.
What is the MOST OPTIMAL way to delegate permissions?
A. Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the EC2
instance.
B. Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key in the application.
C. Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key to create a CLI
profile in the EC2 instance.
D. Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the
administrative IAM user.

-- 318 of 400 --

Q319)
Which of the following are support categories for AWS Trusted Advisor? (Select two.)
A. Operational excellence
B. Cost optimization
C. Security
D. Well-Architected Framework
E. Rightsizing

-- 319 of 400 --

Q320)
Which disaster recovery option is the LEAST expensive?
A. Warm standby
B. Multisite
C. Backup and restore
D. Pilot light

-- 320 of 400 --

Q321)
Which type of AWS storage is ephemeral and is deleted when an Amazon EC2 instance
is stopped or terminated?
A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
B. Amazon EC2 instance store
C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
D. Amazon S3

-- 321 of 400 --

Q322)
A company needs fully managed, highly reliable, and scalable file storage that is
accessible over the Server Message Block (SMB) protocol.
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
C. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
D. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)

-- 322 of 400 --

Q323)
Which of the following is a component of the AWS Global Infrastructure?
A. Amazon Alexa
B. AWS Regions
C. Amazon Lightsail
D. AWS Organizations

-- 323 of 400 --

Q324)
What is the purpose of having an internet gateway within a VPC?
A. To create a VPN connection to the VPC
B. To allow communication between the VPC and the internet
C. To impose bandwidth constraints on internet traffic
D. To load balance traffic from the internet across Amazon EC2 Instances

-- 324 of 400 --

Q325)
Which AWS service allows users to download security and compliance reports about
the AWS infrastructure on demand?
A. Amazon GuardDuty
B. AWS Security Hub
C. AWS Artifact
D. AWS Shield

-- 325 of 400 --

Q326)
A company is planning an infrastructure deployment to the AWS Cloud. Before the
deployment, the company wants a cost estimate for running the infrastructure.
Which AWS service or feature can provide this information?
A. Cost Explorer
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
D. AWS Pricing Calculator

-- 326 of 400 --

Q327)
How can Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups contribute to a web application's high
availability?
A. They automatically add more instances across multiple AWS Regions based on
global demand of the application.
B. They automatically add or replace instances across multiple Availability Zones when
the application needs it.
C. They enable the application's static content to reside closer to end users.
D. They are able to distribute incoming requests across a tier of web server instances.

-- 327 of 400 --

Q328)
A business has a stateless application workload that can withstand brief periods of
outage. The program conducts calculations in massively parallel fashion.
Which Amazon EC2 pricing model should the business choose to save costs?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. Reserved Instances
D. Dedicated Instances

-- 328 of 400 --

Q329)
Which of the following is a method for enhancing AWS security? (Select two.)
A. Using AWS Artifact
B. Granting the broadest permissions to all IAM roles
C. Running application code with AWS Cloud9
D. Enabling multi-factor authentication (MFA) with Amazon Cognito
E. Using AWS Trusted Advisor security checks

-- 329 of 400 --

Q330)
Which AWS service or tool helps to centrally manage billing and allow controlled
access to resources across AWS accounts?
A. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
B. AWS Organizations
C. Cost Explorer
D. AWS Budgets

-- 330 of 400 --

Q331)
Under the AWS shared responsibility paradigm, the following parties are responsible
for the security and patching of the guest operating system:
A. AWS Support
B. the customer
C. AWS Systems Manager
D. AWS Config

-- 331 of 400 --

Q332)
What is an example of AWS Cloud's high availability?
A. Consulting AWS technical support at any time day or night
B. Ensuring an application remains accessible, even if a resource fails
C. Making any AWS service available for use by paying on demand
D. Deploying in any part of the world using AWS Regions

-- 332 of 400 --

Q333)
Which of the following are Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) resources?
A. Objects; access control lists (ACLs)
B. Subnets; internet gateways
C. Access policies; buckets
D. Groups; roles

-- 333 of 400 --

Q334)
Which aspects of AWS make it cost viable for workloads with fluctuating customer
demand? (Select two.)
A. High availability
B. Shared security model
C. Elasticity
D. Pay-as-you-go pricing
E. Reliability

-- 334 of 400 --

Q335)
A business wants to migrate 40 B of data from on-premises storage systems to Amazon
S3. The transfer must occur as rapidly as feasible while maintaining a low cost. The
firm has internet access at a speed of 100 megabits per second.
Which AWS service will satisfy these criteria?
A. AWS Snowball
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. AWS Storage Gateway
D. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration

-- 335 of 400 --

Q336)
Which of the following allows customers to programmatically access the power of
AWS services?
A. AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS CodeDeploy
D. AWS Management Console

-- 336 of 400 --

Q337)
A business wishes to migrate some of its resources to the AWS Cloud. To comply with
regulatory standards, data must stay on-premises and local. AWS and the company's
resources must have a low latency.
Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) service or functionality may be leveraged to fulfill
these requirements?
A. AWS Local Zones
B. Availability Zones
C. AWS Outposts
D. AWS Wavelength Zones

-- 337 of 400 --

Q338)
A business has specified the Amazon Web Services (AWS) resources it requires for a
new application. The business must determine the expenses associated with operating
the application on AWS.
What actions should the business take to comply with this stipulation?
A. Take advantage of AWS on-demand pricing.
B. Use the AWS Pricing Calculator to generate an approximate dollar amount.
C. Use Amazon QuickSight to analyze current on-premises spending.
D. Use Amazon AppStream 2.0 for real-time pricing analytics.

-- 338 of 400 --

Q339)
For its steady-state database, a corporation runs a self-managed Oracle database
directly on Amazon EC2. The corporation wishes to cut its computing expenses.
Which option should the business choose in order to optimize savings over a three-
year period?
A. EC2 Dedicated Instances
B. EC2 Spot Instances
C. EC2 Reserved Instances
D. EC2 On-Demand Instances

-- 339 of 400 --

Q340)
A corporation is developing an application that must distribute photos and videos
internationally with the least amount of delay possible.
Which strategy may the business take to do this in the most cost-effective manner?
A. Deliver the content through Amazon CloudFront.
B. Store the content on Amazon S3 and enable S3 cross-region replication.
C. Implement a VPN across multiple AWS Regions.
D. Deliver the content through AWS PrivateLink.

-- 340 of 400 --

Q341)
Which AWS service or functionality gives advice to customers about frequently asked
billing questions?
A. AWS Marketplace
B. AWS Knowledge Center
C. Amazon Pinpoint
D. Amazon Connect

-- 341 of 400 --

Q342)
Which AWS services enable an on-premises infrastructure to be extended to the AWS
Cloud? (Select two.)
A. Amazon EBS
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. AWS Storage Gateway
E. Amazon Connect

-- 342 of 400 --

Q343)
Which AWS service enables the generation of warnings based on a monthly bill
estimate?
A. AWS Config
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C. AWS X-Ray
D. AWS CloudTrail

-- 343 of 400 --

Q344)
A company needs to identify the last time that a specific user accessed the AWS
Management Console.
Which AWS service will provide this information?
A. Amazon Cognito
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. Amazon Inspector
D. Amazon GuardDuty

-- 344 of 400 --

Q345)
Which AWS service may be utilized to deploy the application?
A. AWS AppSync
B. AWS Batch
C. AWS CodePipeline
D. AWS DataSync

-- 345 of 400 --

Q346)
Which AWS service or functionality is by default highly available?
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon Aurora
C. NAT instances
D. Amazon RDS

-- 346 of 400 --

Q347)
A business requires data migration from its on-premises environment to the AWS
Cloud. The business demands extremely elastic and efficient connection.
Which AWS service satisfies these criteria?
A. Amazon S3 Glacier
B. AWS Storage Gateway
C. AWS Backup
D. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

-- 347 of 400 --

Q348)
A company wants to perform sentiment analysis on customer service email messages
that it receives. The company wants to identify whether the customer service
engagement was positive or negative.
Which AWS service should the company use to perform this analysis?
A. Amazon Textract
B. Amazon Translate
C. Amazon Comprehend
D. Amazon Rekognition

-- 348 of 400 --

Q349)
What is the total amount of storage offered by Amazon S3?
A. 100 MB
B. 5 GB
C. 5 TB
D. Unlimited

-- 349 of 400 --

Q350)
Which AWS service or functionality is exclusively accessible to AWS Enterprise Support
customers?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Support case
C. AWS Concierge Support team
D. Amazon Connect

-- 350 of 400 --

Q351)
Which resource is the MOST EFFECTIVE for keeping current on AWS security
announcements?
A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. AWS Secrets Manager
C. AWS Security Bulletins
D. Amazon Inspector

-- 351 of 400 --

Q352)
Which AWS services aid in application performance optimization by lowering latency
associated with global content access? (Select two.)
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS VPN
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. AWS Global Accelerator
E. Amazon S3 Glacier

-- 352 of 400 --

Q353)
Which AWS service should a company use to create a NoSQL database?
A. Amazon Aurora
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon Neptune

-- 353 of 400 --

Q354)
Which techniques are available for deriving AWS charges by department? (Select two.)
A. Enable multi-factor authentication for the AWS account root user.
B. Create separate accounts for each department.
C. Use Reserved Instances whenever possible.
D. Use tags to associate each instance with a particular department.
E. Pay bills using purchase orders.

-- 354 of 400 --

Q355)
Which AWS services can be utilized to automate infrastructure? (Select two.)
A. AWS CloudFormation
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. AWS Batch
D. AWS OpsWorks
E. Amazon QuickSight

-- 355 of 400 --

Q356)
The solutions architect of a business wants to deploy a few Amazon EC2 instances in
an already-existing AWS account. Before the firm can accept the request, it wants a
cost estimate.
Which AWS tool should be used to generate the cost estimate?
A. AWS Pricing Calculator
B. Cost Explorer
C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
D. AWS Budgets

-- 356 of 400 --

Q357)
A company is migrating to Amazon S3. The company needs to transfer 60 TB of data
from an on-premises data center to AWS within 10 days.
Which AWS service should the company use to accomplish this migration?
A. Amazon S3 Glacier
B. AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
C. AWS Snowball
D. AWS Direct Connect

-- 357 of 400 --

Q358)
What type of database is Amazon DynamoDB?
A. In-memory
B. Relational
C. Key-value
D. Graph

-- 358 of 400 --

Q359)
A retail company has recently migrated its website to AWS. The company wants to
ensure that it is protected from SQL injection attacks.
Which AWS service or feature can be used to create a custom rule that blocks SQL
injection attacks?
A. Security groups
B. AWS WAF
C. Network ACLs
D. AWS Shield

-- 359 of 400 --

Q360)
Which AWS services enable users to link their AWS Cloud resources to their on-
premises resources? (Select two.)
A. AWS VPN
B. Amazon Connect
C. Amazon Cognito
D. AWS Direct Connect
E. AWS Managed Services

-- 360 of 400 --

Q361)
While an Amazon EC2 instance is only activated when it is required, it must stay active
throughout the life of the procedure.
What is the most acceptable method of purchase?
A. Dedicated Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. On-Demand Instances
D. Reserved Instances

-- 361 of 400 --

Q362)
A business's operations are conducted on-site. The business wants to anticipate the
costs associated with hosting a major application on AWS.
Which AWS service or tool does the business have access to in order to collect this
information?
A. AWS Pricing Calculator
B. AWS Budgets
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Cost Explorer

-- 362 of 400 --

Q363)
How can a client strengthen the security of their Amazon Web Services (AWS) account
logins? (Select two.)
A. Configure AWS Certificate Manager
B. Enable Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
C. Use Amazon Cognito to manage access
D. Configure a strong password policy
E. Enable AWS Organizations

-- 363 of 400 --

Q364)
A big firm often has a single Amazon Web Services (AWS) account.
What are the benefits of repurposing a single AWS account to create additional AWS
accounts? (Select two.)
A. It allows for administrative isolation between different workloads.
B. Discounts can be applied on a quarterly basis by submitting cases in the AWS
Management Console.
C. Transitioning objects from Amazon S3 to Amazon S3 Glacier in separate AWS
accounts will be less expensive.
D. Having multiple accounts reduces the risks associated with malicious activity
targeted at a single account.
E. Amazon QuickSight offers access to a cost tool that provides application-specific
recommendations for environments running in multiple accounts.

-- 364 of 400 --

Q365)
Which solution enables a business with numerous AWS accounts to consolidate its
consumption in order to qualify for bulk discounts?
A. AWS Server Migration Service
B. AWS Organizations
C. AWS Budgets
D. AWS Trusted Advisor

-- 365 of 400 --

Q366)
Which AWS services may be protected against typical online exploitations using AWS
WAF? (Select two.)
A. Amazon Route 53
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. AWS Transfer Family
D. AWS Site-to-Site VPN
E. Amazon API Gateway

-- 366 of 400 --

Q367)
A business uses an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling policy in conjunction with an Application
Load Balancer to restore sick apps running on Amazon EC2 instances automatically.
This activity pertains to which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?
A. Security
B. Performance efficiency
C. Operational excellence
D. Reliability

-- 367 of 400 --

Q368)
A business wants to migrate current software licenses to AWS, however the licensing
strategy involves licensing physical cores.
How can the organization do this in the AWS Cloud?
A. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance with default tenancy.
B. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance on a Dedicated Host.
C. Create an On-Demand Capacity Reservation.
D. Purchase Dedicated Reserved Instances.

-- 368 of 400 --

Q369)
Which service offers nearly infinite online storage for very durable objects?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
C. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
D. Amazon S3

-- 369 of 400 --

Q370)
Which of the following is an advantage that users experience when they move on-
premises workloads to the AWS Cloud?
A. Elimination of expenses for running and maintaining data centers
B. Price discounts that are identical to discounts from hardware providers
C. Distribution of all operational controls to AWS
D. Elimination of operational expenses

-- 370 of 400 --

Q371)
Which AWS services are available for file storage? (Select two.)
A. Amazon S3
B. AWS Lambda
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
D. Amazon SageMaker
E. AWS Storage Gateway

-- 371 of 400 --

Q372)
A media business wants to disseminate video material through the internet to millions
of viewers globally. The organization wishes to use AWS's worldwide network
backbone in order to deliver cached material with minimal latency and fast data
transfer rates.
Which AWS service will satisfy these criteria?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS Global Accelerator
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon Connect

-- 372 of 400 --

Q373)
Which AWS advantage allows customers to construct cloud infrastructure that spans
various geographic areas and is linked through a low-latency, high-performance
network?
A. Economies of scale
B. Security
C. Elasticity
D. Global reach

-- 373 of 400 --

Q374)
Which AWS service or feature enables businesses to take advantage of AWS's volume
discounts?
A. Saving Plans
B. AWS Budgets
C. AWS Organizations
D. AWS Pricing Calculator

-- 374 of 400 --

Q375)
Which AWS IAM feature is used to link numerous users with a set of permissions?
A. Multi-factor authentication
B. Groups
C. Password policies
D. Access keys

-- 375 of 400 --

Q376)
A social media firm has been tasked with the responsibility of launching a new
function. Users will be able to share photographs that will be seen by other users
worldwide with little delay.
Which AWS service or feature should the business use in order to achieve this demand
the most cost-effectively?
A. Amazon DynamoDB global tables
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. AWS Outposts

-- 376 of 400 --

Q377)
Which AWS service enables application decoupling?
A. AWS Config
B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
C. AWS Batch
D. Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)

-- 377 of 400 --

Q378)
Amazon EC2 web servers connect to a traditional application operating in a corporate
data center.
What phrase would be appropriate to use to describe this model?
A. Cloud-native
B. Partner network
C. Hybrid architecture
D. Infrastructure as a service

-- 378 of 400 --

Q379)
Which design principle is included in the operational excellence pillar of the AWS Well-
Architected Framework?
A. Create annotated documentation.
B. Anticipate failure.
C. Ensure performance efficiency.
D. Optimize costs.

-- 379 of 400 --

Q380)
Which of the following is the customer responsible for updating and patching,
according to the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
B. Amazon WorkSpaces virtual Windows desktop
C. AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory
D. Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server

-- 380 of 400 --

Q381)
A previously utilized Amazon EC2 instance for development is no longer available and
does not display in the AWS Management Console.
Which AWS service should be utilized to discover what activity resulted in the
inaccessibility of this EC2 instance?
A. Amazon CloudWatch Logs
B. AWS Security Hub
C. Amazon Inspector
D. AWS CloudTrail

-- 381 of 400 --

Q382)
A Cloud Practitioner is required to retain data for seven years in order to comply with
regulatory standards.
Which AWS service meets this need for the LEAST amount of money?
A. Amazon S3
B. AWS Snowball
C. Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon S3 Glacier

-- 382 of 400 --

Q383)
Why is an AWS Well-Architected review a critical part of the cloud design process?
A. A Well-Architected review is mandatory before a workload can run on AWS.
B. A Well-Architected review helps identify design gaps and helps evaluate design
decisions and related documents.
C. A Well-Architected review is an audit mechanism that is a part of requirements for
service level agreements.
D. A Well-Architected review eliminates the need for ongoing auditing and compliance
tests.

-- 383 of 400 --

Q384)
A company implements an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling policy along with an Application
Load Balancer to automatically recover unhealthy applications that run on Amazon
EC2 instances.
Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does this action cover?
A. Security
B. Performance efficiency
C. Operational excellence
D. Reliability

-- 384 of 400 --

Q385)
What does AWS's obligation under the shared responsibility paradigm entail?
A. Updating the network ACLs to block traffic to vulnerable ports.
B. Patching operating systems running on Amazon EC2 instances.
C. Updating the firmware on the underlying EC2 hosts.
D. Updating the security group rules to block traffic to the vulnerable ports.

-- 385 of 400 --

Q386)
AWS CloudFormation is intended to assist the user in the following ways:
A. Model and provision resources.
B. Update application code.
C. Set up data lakes.
D. Create reports for billing.

-- 386 of 400 --

Q387)
Which AWS Cloud benefit is shown by an architecture's ability to withstand failures
with minimal downtime?
A. Agility
B. Elasticity
C. Scalability
D. High availability

-- 387 of 400 --

Q388)
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the customer's
responsibility when managing AWS Lambda functions?
A. Creating versions of Lambda functions
B. Maintaining server and operating systems
C. Scaling Lambda resources according to demand
D. Updating the Lambda runtime environment

-- 388 of 400 --

Q389)
A company needs to generate reports that can break down cloud costs by product, by
company-defined tags, and by hour, day, and month.
Which AWS tool should the company use to meet these requirements?
A. Reserved Instance utilization and coverage reports
B. Savings Plans utilization reports
C. AWS Budgets reports
D. AWS Cost and Usage Reports

-- 389 of 400 --

Q390)
A business wishes to grant access to Amazon RDS to one of its workers. Additionally,
the corporation wishes to confine contact to the AWS CLI and AWS software
development kits (SDKs).
Which combination of measures should the business do in order to satisfy these needs
while adhering to the concept of least privilege? (Select two.)
A. Create an IAM user and provide AWS Management Console access only.
B. Create an IAM user and provide programmatic access only.
C. Create an IAM role and provide AWS Management Console access only.
D. Create an IAM policy with administrator access and attach it to the IAM user.
E. Create an IAM policy with Amazon RDS access and attach it to the IAM user.

-- 390 of 400 --

Q391)
Which of the following guidelines constitutes a well-architected design philosophy for
cloud application development?
A. Keep static data closer to compute resources.
B. Provision resources for peak capacity.
C. Design for automated recovery from failure.
D. Use tightly coupled components.

-- 391 of 400 --

Q392)
A company has a serverless application that includes an Amazon API Gateway
function, and an Amazon DynamoDB database.
Which AWS service can the company use to trace user requests as they pass through
components?
A. AWS CloudTrail
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C. Amazon Inspector
D. AWS X-Ray

-- 392 of 400 --

Q393)
A company needs to set up a petabyte-scale data warehouse in the AWS Cloud.
Which AWS service will meet this requirement?
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon RDS
C. Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon ElastiCache

-- 393 of 400 --

Q394)
What are the immediate advantages of AWS Cloud computing? (Select two.)
A. Increased IT staff.
B. Capital expenses are replaced with variable expenses.
C. User control of infrastructure.
D. Increased agility.
E. AWS holds responsibility for security in the cloud.

-- 394 of 400 --

Q395)
The following are the economical advantages of using AWS: (Choose two.)
A. Reduced Total Cost of Ownership (TCO).
B. Increased capital expenditure (capex).
C. Reduced operational expenditure (opex).
D. Deferred payment plans for startups.
E. Business credit lines for startups.

-- 395 of 400 --

Q396)
Which AWS service is always provided at no charge?
A. Amazon S3
B. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
C. Elastic Load Balancers
D. AWS WAF

-- 396 of 400 --

Q397)
Which acts exemplify excellent practices for AWS IAM use? (Select two.)
A. Configure a strong password policy
B. Share the security credentials among users of AWS accounts who are in the same
Region
C. Use access keys to log in to the AWS Management Console
D. Rotate access keys on a regular basis
E. Avoid using IAM roles to delegate permissions

-- 397 of 400 --

Q398)
A business wants to establish templates that it may reuse when deploying numerous
AWS resources.
Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering or functionality can the business employ
to achieve this requirement?
A. AWS Marketplace
B. Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
C. AWS CloudFormation
D. AWS OpsWorks

-- 398 of 400 --

Q399)
How can a business use AWS to lower its Total Cost of Ownership (TCO)?
A. By minimizing large capital expenditures
B. By having no responsibility for third-party license costs
C. By having no operational expenditures
D. By having AWS manage applications

-- 399 of 400 --

Q400)
A business's website is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. The firm must guarantee that
the website is accessible to a worldwide audience and has a low latency for visitors.
Which Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering should the business employ to achieve
these requirements?
A. Amazon Route 53
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. Elastic Load Balancing
D. AWS Lambda

-- 400 of 400 --

